1	£10 per picture for the year, £30 refundable deposit per picture (payment can only be made by cash or cheque).
2	£150,000 and over – where the tax rate is 45 per cent.’
3	£2,000 over 1 year for mentoring support for the Acting CEO of Survivors UK.
4	$25.00 pp for 3 hours viewing the island and tour guide talked about the price of everything.
5	£25pw required from residents in receipt of benefits.
6	“4 ways reviews positively impact your customer journey”
7	£5,000 be released from the Joint Museum Service's reserves to fund this work.
8	£5,500 available for tuition fees.
9	£6-12 per m2 for skimming.
10	£6.5bn (51%) was incurred in train operations and £6.2bn (49%) incurred in operating rail infrastructure.
11	A 19th century pine painted chest of two short and three long drawers.
12	A 21-month study into the safety and effectiveness of a smartphone application for women with gestational diabetes has shown positive results.
13	• A 23-year-old man from Basingstoke arrested on suspicion of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply.
14	A 30-year-old British man – named locally as Tom Jackson from Cheshire – was severely injured in the attack in Home Hill, Queensland, and is in a critical condition.
15	A4080 Brynsiencyn Road Pothole on the road on the bridge over the railway.
16	A6053 traffic report, showing delays, incidents and roadworksThere are no current incidents or roadworks on the a6053.
17	A 63-year-old man kept a deadly stash of plastic explosives in the back garden of his home in Wembley, a court heard.
18	AA Rosette Awards in Brighton – awarded solely by the AA Hotel and Restaurant Inspectors with no influence from hotels, restaurants or other guides.
19	A bar has opened in the market and a performance area created under the canopy.
20	A beautiful display of red, blue and pink sweet peas knit together in this quaint design by Michelle Auborg.
21	A beautifully presented two bedroom older style property in the hart of Coulsdon Town Centre.
22	A beautifully presented two double bedroom apartment arranged over the raised ground floor of a detached double fronted period residence.
23	A beautifully restored Grade II listed farmhouse forming part of an exclusive farmstead development located 3.4 miles from Canterbury and 3.8 miles from Whitstable.
24	A beautiful two bed true bungalow, situated in the most popular area of Thornton, close to excellent local schools, the village centre, transport routes and the Wyre estuary nature park.
25	A bed of white double spray chrysanthemums trimmed with ribbon is the basis for this classic open-book floral tribute.
26	A below-elbow artificial right arm made for a lady pianist.
27	Abergavenny, Caldicot and Chepstow leisure centres offer intensive swimming lessons from Monday 19th February to Friday 23rd February.
28	Abertillery and Llanhilleth Community Council paid tribute to local volunteers at a presentation evening in the Abertillery Indoor Bowls Centre.
29	A black leather upper is hardwearing and durable while breathable leather linings keep feet fresh and comfortable.
30	Able to assist in driving the team forward through supporting its business development and marketing strategies.
31	A blow was struck against all those who are committed to truth and justice, those who not bow down before illegalities, organised crime, blackmail and bribery”.
32	A bold, confident brow is just a few brush strokes away.
33	About Our Client Our client is a large multi-national company in Maidenhead.
34	About UsR & D Machinery is a relative newcomer to the area and we are very proud to be the main dealers for some of the Worlds leading manufacturers, Manitou, Massey Ferguson, Kuhn and others.
35	About Us - Skipton Building Society In order to continually improve our website, we collect non-personal data through cookies.
36	A Brighter Home - Carpet and upholstery cleaners in Kings Langley, Hertfordshire - View on map - View on mapWe use cookies to allow us and selected partners to analyse site performance to improve your experience and for advertising.
37	A “broadly Christian” act of worship must contain some elements which relate to the traditions of Christian belief and which accord a special status to Jesus Christ.
38	A B Securities is a metal company specialising in fabricated steel products and services.
39	Abstract Expressionism was born from the common experience of artists living in 1940s New York.
40	ABUS used the recent Lockex Exhibition at the Ricoh Arena to launch the following ranges, representing innovation and value across its mechanical and electronic security ranges.
41	A by-election will take place on Thursday, May 24 for the Kirkby La Thorpe and South Kyme ward.
42	Academy of Marketing Branding Conference.
43	A call to 101 costs 15 pence regardless of the duration.
44	A call was therefore made for a conference in the Manchester Free Trade Hall on 25 November.
45	A candidate who has been certified under Regulation 15 to have kept the Act, or under Regulation 17 to have been approved for the degree, shall be qualified to supplicate for the degree of Doctor of Medicine.
46	A career in optometry puts graduates at the forefront of modern healthcare delivery.
47	A cashless system is more convenient and safer for staff and public alike.
48	Accepting new NHS and private patients, we are a General Dental Care and Cosmetic Dentistry Clinic in New Eltham, SE9.
49	Accepting that they will no.longer see each other is painful for me.
50	Accessibility - Brittany FerriesWe use cookies so that we can provide you with the best possible experience.
51	Accessible from two bedrooms.
52	Accessing the Short Breaks Bureau is free.
53	Access routes will be clearly signposted on site.
54	Access to Uzes and Nimes was great, particularly Uzes which is less …
55	Accommodation available: 1 twin bedroom with washbasin & 1 single bedroom.
56	Accommodation has been reserved on a bed and continental breakfast basis at a good class hotel in rooms all with private facilities.
57	Accommodation in Brecon - The UK Accommodation GuideAdd/amend your listing here!
58	Accordingly, from RBI’s point of view, there’s a risk that any covenant is going to be very restrictive — to the point of placing a restraint on RBI’s ability to trade.
59	Accordingly, they argue that segment reporting would enable users of financial reports to make better decisions.
60	According to a statement, the award has enabled South Somerset Mind to help around 94 people living with mental health problems and their families.
61	According to a survey by healthcare cash plan provider Medicash, men are four times more likely to call in sick as a result of stress than their female colleagues.
62	According to official figures, governments walked away from emission-cutting pledges, and pollution levels in cities crept up further.
63	According to our recent survey, more than a quarter of Which? members who used a builder in the last year had problems.
64	According to the 2015 Public Health England report, the UK’s 9.9 million young people have poorer health outcomes than those in many other developed nations.
65	Accounting relies on clear definition and classification of activities in order to avoid double-counting and maintain consistent and comparable estimates between components and over time.
66	Accreditation Review Update page for more information.
67	Accrediting bodies ensure workers have the required level of skill, education and competencies to do their jobs.
68	A change in bowel habit that lasts for more than three weeks.
69	A change in the law that was brought in on 1 January 2015 means that you now have to pay VAT based on the country where the customer bought your product, not the country the seller is based in.
70	A charming contrast of sparkling florals and lustrous woods.
71	A charming one-bedroom bungalow with parking and a delightful terrace with a glimpse of the sea.
72	"A cheap and easy way to deter burglars while your home is empty is to set light timers.
73	A cheque for the amount due should be sent to us, unless otherwise stated.
74	A children's nature walk on the Edramucky Trail.
75	A choice of finishes is offered whether it be sand blasted, cleaned using high pressure air tools or simply pressure washed and cut to size.
76	A classic dress with a modern twist made in England.
77	A club dinner was held in the then 30 year-old Longland's honour in 1938.
78	A clutch of rare baby ‘forest dragons’ have hatched at – helping to uncover more about one of the world’s least understood reptiles.
79	A code of practice for the principles and standards of professional behaviour for the policing profession of England and Wales.
80	A collie will be happier with them if it knows someone is in charge.
81	A comparative study exploring police discretion, police methods and tools, whilst addressing anti-social behaviour amongst young people in Poland and England What is evidence-based policing?
82	A comprehensive factfinder section includes a time chart, who's who and glossary, making it perfect for reference use.
83	A comprehensive ‘Owners Manual’ containing the ‘as built’ drawings, a maintenance inspection plan, and a maintenance log were provided as part of the project.
84	A comprehensive selection and matching process.
85	A Consultation on the Permitting Regulations is anticipated to take place in 2017.
86	A contemporary suite comprising concealed flush W.C., wash hand basin and drawers, freestanding bath with tap stand and hand shower, feature tiling to walls, recessed downlighters to ceiling.
87	A continual stream of air is nevertheless conducted through these subterraneous labyrinths, with identically the same precaution as if it were a river.
88	A contract allows you to track time spent on projects, create pre-populated invoices and bill expenses and mileage claims to your customers.
89	A couple have been jailed after a pensioner was tricked into opening her front door - and then subjected to a terrifying attack.
90	A couple of weeks later after we'd decided that we were definitely going to move down south I phoned Marc and he organised for a colleague to come round and take the photos.
91	Acquisition Aesthetics are a limited company specialising in the safe delivery of facial aesthetics training courses for doctors, dentists, prescribing pharmacists and nurses, which are held at the Royal College of General Practitioners.
92	A Cruise on Lake Windermere from Ambleside, Bowness or Lakeside using Windermere Lake Cruises scheduled services.
93	Acteon is delighted to be supporting Towards Maturity in their latest In-Focus Report: Building Engagement – seven techniques to improve staff engagement.
94	Action will also be needed to ensure that when these midwives qualify that they actually get jobs in the NHS.
95	Active Cues was curious about the Tovertafel Up’s effects.
96	Active/Passive is a more expensive High Availability option as it requires double the hardware investment to provide the necessary backup.
97	Active Soccer Community Sports Foundation is looking for under 16 players to get involved in its new Friday evening five-a-side competition at the Active Soccer Centre on Sefton Lane in the town.
98	Activities on offer range from gentle pony treks and picturesque hill walking to skiing, quad biking and windsurfing, all against a backdrop of snowy peaks and lush green valleys.
99	A culture where leaders care about and actively develop their teams means there’s an increasing chance that the organisation will be able to deliver its objectives with the core goal of providing good quality care firmly at the centre.
100	A cyclist on trial over the death of a pedestrian in Old Street was thrown through the air when the pair collided but quickly got up and began shouting at her, a court heard.
101	Adams Hotel is in Avenue Road, Leamington Spa.
102	Adam Williams, Managing Director of DBS Data, comments: “Data is the bedrock of every successful campaign, but it is just the beginning.
103	A Dan Retter penalty gave the Chiefs a seven-point cushion with three minutes left to play.
104	Add a new look to your style by purchasing the fabulous collection of belts, hats and much more for a reasonable price.
105	Adding a love seat from would complete this look.
106	Adding new technology into fish production reduces the cost of production.
107	Additional convenience is provided by a Handsfree Keycard, automatic lights and wipers, electrically operated and heated, body coloured door mirrors and a one-touch function on the electric front windows.
108	Additionally the property has gas central heating, double glazing and residents parking.
109	Additionally, there are several classic cocktails and a wine list to meet visitors’ needs.
110	Additionally, the renewal fee for the extra activity will also be £15 instead of £50.
111	Additionally, whilst Chow Chows don’t tend to shed heavily all year round, they do go through a large moult twice a year in spring and autumn, which can make the dog’s coat look quite untidy as well as making a lot of mess within the home!
112	Additionally, you can upgrade your EEF membership to include one or more of our business support subscription services such as HR & Employment Law advice and guidance, and Health, Safety and Environment support.
113	Additional tutorials and teaching are provided as required for specific training needs.
114	Addition and SubtractionAdd and subtract your way across the Hexafield in this Mission 2110 game where you need to use your addition and subtraction skills to collect 'Biorods'.
115	Add Onward Travel and if we can't fix the vehicle at the roadside, we’ll provide a replacement vehicle, or alternative transport costs or hotel accommodation through our Onward Travel Option.
116	Addressing these challenges is a formidable task, and to make progress we need to have a strong research workforce.
117	Addressing these challenges requires both fundamental science as well as new forms of behaviour, and so health researchers at Reading work closely with experts in the Food, Environment, Heritage & Creativity and Prosperity & Resilience research themes.
118	Adds a user-contributed driver for DigiBoard, Inc.'s fax software.
119	Add the debt to the mortgage to clear the arrears but with a revised repayment schedule.
120	Add the thinly sliced green pepper and cook for 2 mins.
121	A decision was made, a conscious decision was made to bring all the material that survived in various offices both in the UK and around the world into one place.
122	A decision will be made on New Look’s CVA on Wednesday, March 21.
123	Adelaide, South Australia I have very much enjoyed looking around your website.
124	A delicate, sheer panelled top with all over lace fabric in a boxy fit.
125	A deposit is required from any new client before any work is carried out.
126	Adherence to ‘sameness’, i.e. resistance to change and perfectionism can be an anxiety response.
127	A Diamond Composite Door, brings warmth, comfort, style and security right to your doorstep.
128	A director's cut for the twenty-first century.
129	A diversity of climate can be experienced with a striking variation of terrain as you travel from the green and leafy north, to the hilly mountainous interior and desert south.
130	Adjoining work surface with space and plumbing for washing machine.
131	Administrators can now define access rights and available resources for different users.
132	Admission for adults is £10, and children ride for free.
133	Admittedly it meant dicing it out with the lorries in lane one, and each overtake being carefully planned and executed with the briefest dab of accelerator possible.
134	Admittedly, the local man has also cancelled an appointment on his own accord on a separate occasion.
135	A double bedroom available in this shared property located in South Reading the property comprises four bedrooms, shared bathroom, shared kitchen with appliances, shared lounge and shared garden.
136	Adrian’s background is that he was in private practice as an insolvency solicitor until 2008.
137	ADR is an informal mediation process aimed at helping HMRC and your client to agree with a resolution.
138	A drop-in advice service is available on certain days.
139	Advanced Management SkillsNetworking is key to promoting your business.
140	Advanced Student is the highest category of membership of the British Locksmiths Institute.
141	Advance tickets are available on the website at or on 0118 971 3330.
142	Advertise your Events for FREE Bradford TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
143	Advertise your Events for FREE Peterborough TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
144	Advice and tips on what factors to consider when selecting a contractor to fit a hardwood floor in your home.
145	Advice to Ministers in relation to the periodic review 2013 and the periodic review 2008 is available below.
146	A early Victorian mahogany sofa table.
147	A fast track retail refurbishment of a Co-operative unit to a Waitrose store located just off the main road.
148	A few months after joining I was asked to become an Ambassador, which has been an absolutely fantastic experience.
149	A few rules and points to note – PLEASE READ.
150	A few snippets on Betty’s early life that I have gleaned on going through her papers etc. and through talking to her.
151	A few things to be aware of with regards to the Riviera Guest House include the on-road parking i.e. no private parking facilities, and the fact that not all bedrooms offer sea views.
152	A few volumes contain annotations by Evelyn.
153	Affordability metrics for home movers saw the typical amount borrowed this quarter was £130,300 (£175,000 in the UK overall), down on £133,700 the previous quarter.
154	Affordable housing is a realistic goal only at national level.
155	Affordable private healthcare at Onemed.
156	A final chapter explores the science and technology of the Ocean enterprise – not only how they were able to capture these amazing stories on film, but what the future holds for marine life based on these discoveries.
157	A fire chief evacuated his own parents as crews battled a major blaze at a Newport home.
158	A flu infection can mean serious complications for these people, which is why preventative measures like the flu vaccine can be extremely important.
159	Afon View is an elegant Victorian house situated in the village of Betws-y-Coed in the Snowdonia National Park.
160	A Forever One moissanite (the best kind), will cost you £428.
161	A four double bedroom and four reception room detached house situated in the Hertfordshire town of Hitchin.
162	“A fresh, dynamic staging with a vivid, supple performance at its heart.”
163	A friendlier county you could not find, whether it is locals or incomers.
164	A friendly persona and a team player.
165	After 1.8miles turn left into Clappers Lane – the reserve is signposted at the end of the lane.
166	After 9am, entry is 20p.
167	After a barbeque the staff undertook some fundraising challenges including a hot dog eating contest! ay let people get as close as possible to Gauntlet's vultures and learn about their plight in the wild and what we can do to help.
168	After Aberdeen we were invited to conduct evangelistic meetings in the city of Dundee where we had a small company of believers, some thirty in number, holding their services in condemned property on Dudhope Street.
169	After about 2.3 miles turn left on to Wash Road.
170	After a few hours in the library, I was heading to a seminar on principles of financial regulation.
171	After a lengthy absence from the boxing ring because of injury, Borders fighter John McCallum is back with a newly-found incentive and confidence.
172	After a little research and corresponding with Linzi the founder we decided to take the plunge to become the 1st SUP kids school in England.
173	After all the election hullabaloo, the real concern is that Britain is just as divided as ever over Brexit.
174	After all, they are just normal lads who happened to make the big time.
175	After all, who knows best about when you need more medicine than you or your carer.
176	After a lot of hard work in the, with the boat riding the waves, Brent got the engine going.
177	After an even first quarter hour, Folkestone put together their best move of the game thus far with Ian Draycott curling home a superb shot from just upwards of 20 yards that left somewhat noisy Wanderers keeper Garry Ross without a prayer on 18 minutes.
178	After a number of visits you have the pass out and a nice touch is that many of the beautiful garden houses you can visit for a picnic.
179	After a quick aerial refueling over the North Sea, we proceeded to find the small airfield.
180	After a while, you may have a milder, less predictable response to levodopa which could include freezing.
181	After a wonderful Easter Shout! we are now looking forward to Summer 2018.
182	After a year or so, you can usually expect a leveling off and will need to continue to make small changes in order to stay where you are in terms of SERPs.
183	After battling through the hard decisions of clothing and locating the kitchen, I started to relax a little and found my feet with the WonderGirls.
184	After deciding to take on a running challenge for charity, Zach and Jennie set about researching who they wanted to fundraise for, and decided on their local children’s hospice.
185	After deducting planned use of £20.9m earmarked reserves to balance 2018/19, this leaves £60.5m earmarked reserves and £21.3m general balances, which the Director of Finance considers to be the minimum safe levels.
186	After failing with their efforts to get inside, the duo, who were both wearing hoodies, left the scene.
187	After first time I changed password and activated 2-step verification.
188	After gathering some jaw-dropping stories from seasoned travellers (including Galapagos adventures and gorilla encounters), we created the ‘My Amazing’ microsite.
189	After his football career, Andy Blair went on to set up the Andy Blair Sports and Schoolwear store in Barker Butts Lane in Coventry.
190	After last year’s huge increase in numbers, organisers have taken the decision to cap entries at 800 riders, with no more than 250 riders on any one ride.
191	After leaving the Pines the path continues past the Grade II listed St Margaret's Windmill before coming to the lighthouse.
192	After more than three months in the lateral channel between 1.215 and 1.25, the EUR/USD pair did eventually breakdown.
193	After retirement, I hope to focus more on writing.
194	After some months of speculation within the industry, high-profile supplier Reapit.
195	After spending six years as the head (and sole member) of the Biology department in a small independent school in North Devon, Andrew moved into the Reading area last year, bringing his wife and two teenage children back to civilisation!
196	After that a variety of RAF fighter squadrons used Fowlmere as a base, with three squadrons of P51 Mustangs of the 339th Fighter Group flying 264 missions from the airfield and destroying more than 650 enemy aircraft.
197	After the French Revolution at the end of the eighteenth century, Great Britain was faced with a possible invasion.
198	After the project came to a close, Andy wanted to find out more and continued to research new approaches to education.
199	After the trials and stresses of check in, head to Terminal 2 for the children to play and burn off that excess energy before your flight in the giant model plane.
200	After this course I am going to get more experience in showing beef cattle on a farm in Northumberland.
201	After trying all of the reset options I could find, without success, I came across your post and decided to give your suggestions a try.
202	After waiting for about two hours in each car park – which should set drivers back about £1.50 per visit – we risked driving out and avoiding payment.
203	“Afterwards the royal couple spent about five minutes with our pupils.
204	After years of treating people’s sex and relationships problems, we believe that a heck of a lot of unhappiness could be avoided if adults focused on what they like about their partners, rather than on their shortcomings.
205	After you have explored the chilling history of our town, you can enjoy a drink and Q&A with CJ, all included in the price of your ticket!
206	After your collection has taken place you must provide confirmation of the amount of money you have collected and details of any expenses you have incurred as part of the collection.
207	After your tests, your doctor or consultant will tell you what stage your testicular cancer is at.
208	A full clean UK driving licence is needed for this role as you will be driving a company vehicle.
209	A full report will appear in the next issue of Car Dealer Magazine, which will be out in the middle of November.
210	A future JRF briefing will set out our own recommended solutions in more detail.
211	Again, at that length, you’ll notice even the tiniest bit of regrowth, especially if your natural hair is dark.
212	Again, Dudley illustrated his calm resolve with an assured 20 runs off the bat to set a reasonable foundation.
213	Again, the illustrations by Caroline Binch are realistic and luscious and impact on the young reader.
214	Again there is a superb wooden floor.
215	Again the two leader boards for races 1 and 2 were different with 3 September showing Chris H, Ralph and Richards S and the 10 Newton, Jon and Karen.
216	Again, tough to spot without comparison, but SEAT says it's 40mm wider than before and features a 'richer chrome' finish.
217	A gang have been sentenced to a total of 24 years imprisonment after money laundering nearly £500,000 stolen from victims tricked into transferring cash by phone calls from fake police officers.
218	Aged 86 years formerly of Wern View, Pool Quay.
219	Agents Do Charity – even in gloomy weather….
220	A George V hallmarked silver bowl, makers mark rubbed, 1912, and a Victorian silver beaker with chased acanthus decoration, John Newton Mappin, London 1886, approx combined 5ozt (2).
221	A Giant Sub Zero – Rack, Mudguards, hydraulic disc brakes and Shimano Alfine internal gear hub.
222	A gift shop and toilets are on site.
223	A glass lid nice and compact for my small kitchen.
224	A good training session will teach you about the appliance.
225	“A good whistle-stop tour of the basics.”
226	A graduate is a person who has been awarded a degree from a university or college.
227	A grand draw was held with a numerous amount of prizes.
228	A great ad needs a great schedule too.
229	A great fun gift for any occasion, our cork-backed coaster protects delicate surfaces from scratches, marks and stains.
230	A great return to the front of the Enduro scene!
231	AHDB offers benchmarking exercises you can do with industry figures yourself, or through facilitated discussion groups.
232	A herd of cows stopped traffic in Tech City to mark the launch of a leading animal health company’s Centre for Digital Innovation at the House of Lords – a crucial venture for the future of farming.
233	A: High level, I think that people have very different food tastes and if you can understand those food tastes in an automated way, use technology to enhance the way people search, buy and enjoy food.
234	A huge thank you to the management team at Aintree and BHEST for arranging the day and putting in place such a comprehensive, inspiring programme.
235	A husband/wife or civil partner may only receive income-based ESA if the usual entitlement conditions are satisfied, and the other partner works less than 24 hours a week on average.
236	Aids pain management – Chiropractic treatment can help to locate pain and treat the causes of it, such as relieving the stress on the nervous system.
237	Aim is to improve the quality of life of the Somali community and their families through relief of poverty, advancement of education and provision of facilities for recreation.
238	Aim to get to Cafayate from Salta towards the end of the afternoon.
239	Aim to identify groups of similar customers, with similar needs and behaviours.
240	AIM: You are kindly sponsoring the AIM Hallmarks ‘Preparing to Prosper’ seminars this winter.
241	Ai Networks joins the associationISPA welcomes London-based to the association.
242	Airconditioning installers and maintenance of all types of air conditioning systems.
243	Air con, e/pack silver, 1 owner, 3 seats, turbo diesel, remote central locking, power steering, 5-speed gearbox, air conditioning ( air con ), electric.
244	Air travel provides an important service to passengers travelling to and from Northern Ireland.
245	AJ Retrofit Awards 2013 ‘Cultural Building of the Year’
246	A key factor influencing the FTT’s decision is the lack of a notice period, holiday pay or any employment benefits under the hypothetical contract.
247	A key focus is the investment into future generations of Londoners as the Lions are about to launch the excellent “Hoops for Health” programme into schools throughout the Olympic boroughs and we are very keen to play a very active part in this project.
248	A Lancashire singer's hoping to go all the way on The Voice.
249	Alan Derbyshire is Head of the Science section.
250	Alan Fitzsimmons using the 3.6-m NTT at ESO found that the object had a coma on 2005 May 10.0.
251	A large number of studies on talc have been examined many times before including by the World Health Organisation, the US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) and the US National Toxicology Program (NTP).
252	A larger local choice of properties for sale in E5 - Homes24.
253	A larger local choice of properties for sale in Tiverton, Devon - Homes24.
254	A “latte levy” on disposable coffee cups would remove some of the financial burden from local authorities and council taxpayers.
255	Albion had a chance to get points on the board not long afterwards, but the penalty kick attempt went just wide.
256	A leading global creative agency based in central London are looking to bring in a Project Manager to join one of their top accounts and take a leading role delivering projects across multiple platforms.
257	A Leaving Care Allowance (if you live independently up to the age of 18) to cover the costs of day to day living including food, utility bills, general travel, social life and entertainment and toiletries.
258	Alec was selected as a joint winner of the Employee of the Month Award due to him continuously showing dedication and enthusiasm while carrying out repairs and the day-to-day running of the workshop.
259	A lender could look at two companies with identical financials and come up with very different decisions based on how far in advance funding is sought and how well prepared the documents are.
260	Alexander Betts, Green Templeton Research Fellow and Professor of Refugee and Forced Migration Studies at the University of Oxford, says that a property billionaire’s proposal to buy land to house the world’s refugees is not as outlandish as it sounds.
261	Alexandra Kollontai, a member of the Bolshevik Party, was working to coordinate the efforts of women workers.
262	Alex Gudger wins an important header.
263	Alex started chipping away and then he came by and I tried to stay with him but I had nothing left.
264	A light, water-based, non-greasy formula, it gives extra protection to fibres and nourishes them to help keep them smooth, glossy and tangle-free.
265	A limited number of disabled parking spaces are available in front of the Monastery.
266	Alisha spends her days matching groups to destinations and venues according to their requirements and ability, ensuring they get the very best from their time away.
267	Alison’s research interests include: detective fiction, sensation fiction, gender studies and queer theory, and medical humanities.
268	A list of incredible women are connected to Reading.
269	Allan Lockhart, NewRiver’s chief executive, commented: “The acquisition of Hawthorn Leisure is absolutely aligned with our strategy of investing in retail & leisure assets at the heart of the communities across the UK.
270	Allan Whyte, the head of property and facilities at Aberdeenshire Council, said: “We are continuing to develop plans for a new Community Campus in Peterhead, as agreed by full council.
271	All are currently employed in maritime industries and include a RNLI trainer, Merchant Navy captain and Master Mariner as well as ex fishing skippers who are happy to pass on generations of inherited knowledge and experience alongside the RYA syllabus.
272	All are developed and manufactured with the help of ultra-modern machinery and hi-tech infrastructure.
273	All are very welcome and there are refreshments all day (lunch, tea and barbecue) in the Sports Centre.
274	All are welcome to attend the service, or to dedicate a light and have their message on the tree throughout the Christmas period.
275	All bedrooms have private bathroom with shower.
276	All business must be conducted from the allocated pitch.
277	All CAFRE courses prepare students for a successful career in their chosen industry and make extensive use of the excellent teaching and practical facilities at each Campus.
278	All carpet cleaners are NOT the same â€“ far from it.
279	All cases are considered on an individual basis.
280	All cases are fact specific but give guidance on what factors will dictate employment, worker or self-employed status.
281	All Champagne has to be made from Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Pinot Meunier grapes grown and made in the delimited region to the north east of Paris and is the most northerly wine growing region of France centred on the cities of Reims and Epernay.
282	All charities are required to keep their records with the Charity Commission up to date, including details of trustees and contact details.
283	All childcare servicesParent/family seeking childcareNear the following postcode.
284	All consultation responses have been logged and considered.
285	All courses at the University (with the exception of our Gaelic programmes) are taught in English.
286	All four of our Track and Field Cup teams look to have progressed to the Regional Finals after some excellent performances on Wednesday.
287	All gears and clutch work as they should.
288	All healthy schools develop action plans in the nine areas over a period of 3 years.
289	Allied with his exquisite manners, he was as much a part of the “smart set” as “the racing set”.
290	All in all, a dream house.
291	All incidents are raised as ticket within our 3rd party support application and tracked and reported by our support desk.
292	All information on our website, all motifs, designs and logos are protected by copyright unless specifically stated otherwise.
293	All instruments and documentation, whether outsourced or ABLE supply, are treated equally.
294	All junior members must have a linked adult member who is their parent, legal guardian or other person who has been registered with us as someone who may bring the junior member into the club and take responsibility for them (their “Guardian”).
295	All maintenance jobs inside and outside the home.
296	All matches will be broadcast free-to-air, with the majority on ITV4 and ITV.
297	All Monthly Lucky Draw Winners will receive their respective Gifts within 15 Working Days of receiving the Redemption Email through post at their address registered with ICICI Bank.
298	All of our bottles are wide-mouthed with screw tops, are dishwasher safe and are BPA-free.
299	All of our land agents work with Hamptons International's network of agency offices, both in the UK and overseas, to provide an exceptional service for those buying land.
300	All of our refurbished bikes go through rigorous Revolve quality checks to make sure they are in fantastic condition, and come with a three month guarantee.
301	All of the cosmetic dentists have many years of experience in the field as well as a warm and friendly manner to make even the most nervous patients feel at ease.
302	All of the councillors whose terms ended this year are standing for re-election except for Conservatives Nigel Morris in Banbury Calthorpe and Easington and Mr Atack.
303	All of the heifers averaged 188p/kg and the bulls, again to include several extreme Friesians 202p/kg.
304	All of the main social media platforms require users to be over 13 but very few actively police it.
305	All of these regional teams work together to form a presence across the whole of the UK and Europe, giving us an exceptionally broad reach.
306	All of the supplements are categorized according the main benefits of health.
307	All of the things that we need and value are equally important.
308	All of the women had in their lives who encouraged and supported them.
309	All of this is covered in great detail and with heated debate on the various leading tech blogs.
310	All other charges, such as Arranged and Unarranged Overdraft Usage fees, must be shown separately from the EAR.
311	All other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed, cited or otherwise indicated on the website are the property of their respective owners.
312	All our bloggers are Islanders who want to share the things they love best about the Island, including some great ‘Islanders only’ knowledge to the best spots for anything from picnicking to wild swimming!
313	All our extraordinary historical links, including our links to the Commonwealth, our good relations with China through Hong Kong and our good relations with the United States, were enormously valuable.
314	All our guests commented on the venue and many said it was the best wedding they have ever been to!
315	All our installers are in house and fully trained to the high standards set by Icynene and ourselves.
316	• Allow couples with children to split their incomes.
317	Allow the patient extra time to process what you have said.
318	Allow us to show you!
319	All personal information which members provide when joining the library is subject to the terms of the Data Protection Act.
320	All products are tested batch-wise and have been fully developed over the years.
321	All pupils are required to be available for fixtures at weekends.
322	All races will start and finish in the heart of Southampton’s city centre with the course passing iconic local landmarks including Anchor, St Mary’s football stadium, Riverside Park and the Common before reaching the finish by the Guildhall.
323	All rulers use a range of propaganda to project an image of power, but few showed such flair or such understanding of the importance of public opinion as Napoleon Bonaparte.
324	All she did was go into her account online and key in their sort code and account number.
325	All taxis are fitted with fare meters which must be used for every journey within Crawley.
326	All the documented family trees in a genetic group are part of a genetic tree.
327	All the Hackney carriages in Bolton are wheelchair accessible, and 91 per cent are included on the Section 167 list which is available on our website.
328	All the MPs, the different councils, business groups and the overwhelming majority of local residents - on this we are joined at the hip.
329	All the necessary legal work will take place over the next few weeks, with the expectation that the site on Garrett Street will be bought by mid-July.
330	All these necessitous people either receive so much a week, or householders are paid for their keep.
331	All these new forwards bounded about not seen one mentioned worth the time of day we cannot compete with all the silly wages wanted so go Conference and pick up another Gregory you know it makes sense remember Steve Morrison came from the lower league.
332	All the staff at the Clock Barn were really helpfull and there was nothing too big to sort out.
333	All this means they can bring the customer the highest quality product cheaper than their competitors.
334	All tiles and accessories but excluding trims.
335	All toilet waste must be disposed of prior to return.
336	All transactions need to be completed within 30 minutes, from the time you add seats to your shopping cart.
337	All types of 50s rock to enjoy.
338	All users of shared use paths have responsibilities for the safety of others they are sharing space with.
339	Almost half (45 per cent) of people don’t think they could save anything by switching and of the other half, the vast majority (75 per cent) believe it could only save £100 or less.
340	Almost three-quarters (72%) think smartphones should be banned from the classroom completely, while almost two-thirds (63%) think schools need dedicated staff to deal with social media and internet issues.
341	Almost three quarters (73 per cent) of the annual net increase in jobs in London came from an increase in self-employment jobs (+43,000).
342	A longer tow may require a surcharge.
343	Alongside his role as an elected member of the IPA Council, Zaid is also a member of the Effie’s UK Steering Committee and was named by City A.M. as one of the UK's Top 30 most influential people in media, advertising and communications.
344	Alongside the substantial investment we are making in improving training for your branch representatives, this marks a sea change in UCU's approach.
345	Along with her sword and shield, she sure does look like kickass warrior.
346	Alopecia Support County Durham is a new support group for women aged 16 years and over who would like some support, advice and tips on living with the autoimmune disease.
347	A LOT can happen in a year and the past 12 months has seen the balance of power swing back from the new pretenders to an old, established force.
348	A lot depends on the culture of your organisation.
349	A lot of people leverage their experience here to go to other more established companies, especially in the tech space.
350	A lot of the concepts are the same; a lot of definitions are the same.
351	A Loughton based PCSO recognised a number of offences in the area and secured funding to help reduce the crime.
352	A lover of perfume, each of Lola's creations is beautifully scented with a blend of pure essential oils that enriches the experience with aroma-therapeutic benefits.
353	Already a regular runner but want to improve?
354	Already leading 3-1 from Friday’s first leg at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea started relatively slowly but gradually took control of the tie.
355	Also among those watching were Ilminster Mayor, Cllr Val Keitch, and the Chard Mayor, Cllr Garry Shortland, along with South Somerset District Council chairman Cllr Mike Best.
356	Also at the north end you’ll find the best selection of surf schools and equipment rental.
357	Also at this time cormorants roost on the main island on the pond in large numbers.
358	Also, being a Google product, it allows images to be geo tagged with Google maps and ‘one click’ publishing to online photo albums.
359	Also clean the tube attached to the cover removing any build-up of soap powder or conditioner.
360	Also, CPC operates the IT and automation infrastructure for most compound logistics at NIBR.
361	Also in front of Sleeping Beauty’s Castle and super singy, comes Mickey Mouse and his Happy Anniversary show!
362	Also in Nethybridge is the comfortable with an excellent restaurant.
363	Also offers a sub-editing/rewriting/proof-reading service for any words on any subject.
364	Also on offer is a list of signature cocktails that infuse ingredients such as fiery green chilli and fresh ginger and certainly have plenty of zing (at £4.95 each).
365	Also on Saturday, the Allen Valley Striders will host their annual fell race.
366	Also Permanent makeup by a leading practitioner offering all aspects of facial permanent makeup and medical makeup services.
367	Also, the economy was doing better – the trade figures for September were good – they showed a big rise in exports from July to August.
368	Also the provisions on succession and acquisition (sections 10-19) imply that a crofter cannot be a "legal person".
369	Also, there was some duplication of territories, e.g. the New York branch and the New England branch.
370	Also, think about the type of cause you are.
371	Alternatively, call our customer service team and they will be help you find wall and ceiling lamps to suit you best.
372	Alternatively Fly Fishing is also available from Clovelly.
373	Alternatively fuelled vehicles hold all-time high market share of 4.4% for second month as more than 10,700 hit the roads – up 29.0%.
374	Alternatively, if you are an international student and require your degree certificates and transcripts for your visa application, you can request that these are returned to you by courier.
375	Alternatively, information about Banding, Payments, Discounts and Exemptions can be found online.
376	Alternatively please complete the application form below and send it into the Department.
377	Alternatively text your name, email address and postcode to 07966 155892 or 07887566446 and we will email you our basic application form.
378	Alternatively, there are zippable plastic wallets for papers etc which do the job just as well, and you can also get these in opaque colours if preferred.
379	Alternatively, upload a CSV file and import multiple products at once.
380	Alternatively, we may be seeing the re-use of a motif familiar to the carver and applied to different contexts with different meaning."
381	Alternatively, you can complete and return the relevant form below.
382	Alternatively, you may choose to work overseas.
383	Although a self-professed optimist, one of Alan’s main worries about the future of robots and AI technology concerns the current lack of regulation and standards.
384	Although by his sight his sin be multiplied.
385	Although he was only eight at the time, William was so moved by the appeal he decided he wanted to make a difference.
386	Although interested enough in music to write songs from an early age it was while working in Sphere Studios, Battersea that discovered his talent.
387	Although it deals with the firefighters’ scheme, a similar issue would arise under the police scheme.
388	Although it's busy all year, visitors arrive here for the ambience rather than for the riotous 24 hour parties see at many Mediterranean destinations.
389	Although it will retain more of its value, the Evoque does attract a higher insurance group than its closest rivals.
390	Although most people continued as there were changes.
391	Although not reserved it is likely that car parking spaces immediately outside the cottage will be available.
392	Although our go live date was some time away, the date was fixed so we wanted to award a contract within days rather than weeks.
393	Although she was not appointed as a teaching fellow, Joan gave supervisions to students from various colleges.
394	Although struggled to remove some stubborn creases from cotton shirts.
395	Although the CX-5 looks like a larger car than the Seat Ateca it replaced, it doesn’t feel significantly bigger from behind the wheel.
396	Although the number of health units able to offer the anti-retroviral treatment that prevents transmission of the virus from mother to child rose from 82 in 2005 to 222 in 2006, the number of pregnant women benefiting from this remained small.
397	Although there are plenty of guides out there to help you plan an eco-friendly wedding or birthday party, when it comes to organising a green baby shower, you may feel as though you have been left in the dark.
398	Although there are some out of town shopping centres, most visitors to the town will prefer to make their own discoveries in the multitude of side streets that can be found near the high street.
399	Although the Trump administration is tightening up individual travel, Cuba continues to approve cruise line sailings throughout 2018 and into 2019.
400	Although they come with instructions and very basic tools, it's easy to get wrong.
401	Although this raised a technical breach of the Code, the Commission did not censure the newspaper on this point, as the prominence of the apology (on the front page) was unquestionable.
402	Although this tip may seem obvious you’d be surprised at how flat land looks when it is actually the very opposite.
403	Although we came to Gamblers Anonymous to deal with a specific problem, we soon became aware that we would find not only freedom from addiction, but freedom to live in the real world without fear and frustration.
404	Although we’ll always try our best to help, it’s a lot easier for us to find suitable rooms before we start sending offers out, when we still have a wide range of options to allocate from.
405	Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content of our Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
406	Always remembered by Elaine, Sharron, Junior, Aaron and Michael.
407	A machinist that can offer high levels of precision is sought, on behalf of a company that spends in excess of £10,000 a year on outsourced services in this arena.
408	A major advantage of the GCS-P is its simplicity and it could be adopted into hospitals easily, allowing doctors to quickly assess prognosis, experts say.
409	A man has died in a serious crash on the A50.
410	A massive struggle against the bureaucratisation of the Bolshevik Party and the Soviet state was fought by Leon Trotsky and his followers in the left opposition.
411	A mature plot provides attractive gardens to front and rear.
412	Amazing and great looking tilesThese are fantastic tiles and look amazing under my units in my open plan kitchen, diner and living room.
413	Amazing beaches, sensational history and year-round sunshine means it gets a big tick from British holidaymakers.
414	Amazing beach walk, there's a visitors centre with toilets, basic refreshments etc. Definitely dog friendly, lots of other dogs there at all times of the year.
415	Amazing quality and effortlessly sexy.
416	Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a comprehensive cloud-computing platform which allows for a more robust and efficient way of managing data.
417	Amber Heard and Tesla founder Elon Musk are 'getting more serious'
418	A measured performance saw him climb 8 places to 21 – a promising first race with the team.
419	A medical professional should be able to detect if you are suffering from poisoning by doing urine and blood tests, tissue and hair analysis, or x rays.
420	Amended timetables for Northern Passengers are available at www.northernrailway.co.uk/strike.
421	Amendment 1 is a minor amendment which sets out our proposals in the overall context of the Bill.
422	"America is quite advanced in terms of cystic fibrosis.
423	American Crew have ensured with this, as with all of their products that a high standard of quality is achieved.
424	Amid pressure from solicitors, parents and ministers, the school reversed its decision last week, opting to let students return for Year 13 and remove the requirement for future years.
425	Am I entitled to a seat.
426	A minimum of three of these symbols are needed to get into this bonus round but just two of them will give you a jackpot.
427	A minimum unit price of 50p would have a major effect on white drinks—the cheapest alcohol products which cause the most harm, such as cider—without impacting on the price of drinks usually served in bars and restaurants.
428	A mixed lot to include French pewter plates and shallow bowls, an Oriental black lacquer box, treen, an early 20th century metal table candelabrum, a small pewter candelabrum etc.
429	A modern and user-friendly website will make your visitors feel safe and gain their confidence.
430	A Modern Languages degree at Aberystwyth gives you a significant advantage over other graduates for your future job prospects as you will undertake a study/work abroad year in your third year.
431	Among people who told us they have changed their behaviour in the run up to the referendum, the most common answer was that they are now actively watching the exchange rate (29%).
432	Amongst many industry awards he was named Citywire Fund Manager of the year in 2002, Investment Week Fund Manager of the Year (UK Mid-Cap) in 2007 and received the Investment Week Outstanding Achievement award in 2009.
433	Amongst the favourite gifts are ‘Nappy Cakes’ along other little cute ideas.
434	Among them are a fruit and veg wholesaler which is owed £364,000 and a furniture company owed £120,000.
435	Among these companies there are both infrastructure companies that give some access to projects and equipment manufacturing and installation companies.
436	Among those playing at the event were such big-name bands as El Presidente and The Go!
437	Among Trump supporters, it was nearly all about change.
438	A month before it becomes a legal requirement for all dogs to be micro-chipped, councils across Gloucestershire are holding events on Wednesday 9 March which will provide this service for free.
439	A month has passed, already had a engineer visit and still no problem solved.
440	A month later I employed somebody to rewrite our content and he also started building his own set of guidelines and working parameters.
441	A mostly level pub walk on well trodden field paths to historic Cutt Mill and the village of Hinton St Mary to The Blackmore Vale Inn whose exterior belies the age of the lovely old pub within.
442	Amsterdam is a city of cyclists, and to a visitor, it may even seem like there are more bicycles than people.
443	A much better idea would have been to use a twist lock as used on the blade assembly or even just add an 'indent' to the measuring cup in the centre of the lid to provide a bit of a grip.
444	A musculoskeletal specialist physiotherapist from Hampshire Hospitals NHS Trust was the proud recipient of the ‘You’ve Changed My Life’ award at the WOW!
445	A mutilated mute swan was found dead last week next to the children’s playpark at Linlithgow Peel.
446	An 18-year-old man has been charged with multiple offences after a dangerous driving incident.
447	An a cappella Oxford City has a stark beauty, affording precious opportunity to enjoy Causley's remarkable voice in fine, unadorned majesty.
448	An accomplished, precocious group that wasn’t afraid to ask questions, we quickly established a challenging, funny, and engaging rapport.
449	An additional 5 weeks is granted to those with responsibility for a child for whom Disability Living Allowance has been awarded.
450	An additional gated pedestrian access with block paved walkways also leads to the front of the property.
451	An admission form will be sent to each parent/guardian.
452	An African icon in my opinion is one who has sacrificed his time, vision and life for sustainable peace, growth and for the betterment for his country and the world at large.
453	Analysis of the Referendum results by Professor John Curtice.
454	An ambitious collection, and the first outside the Museo Ferrari in Maranello, the display includes early design models, drawings, personal letters and memorabilia as well as some of the most famous cars to grace the world’s roads and racing circuits.
455	An American football quarterback, Tom Brady is a 5-time Super Bowl champion and the record holder for more passing yards, touchdowns and playoff wins than any quarterback in NFL post-season history.
456	A naming ceremony will usually take between 15 and 30 minutes depending on the number of options and readings chosen.
457	An article from May 2016, when Toys R Us hired their first CIO for a while, Phil Newmoyer.
458	An assessment helps identify services that may be required during the transition to adulthood.
459	An award winning financial adviser is marking the fourth birthday of his business by launching a support service to assist…
460	An award-winning local charity has received a £20,000 makeover thanks to Renfrewshire’s newest affordable housing development.
461	Ancestry.com who have purchased a complete set of films 1837-1900 and are scanning them for us.
462	And after all your videos are in iTunes, VideoDrive can start a Wifi sync with your iPhone or iPad.
463	And after recently expanding the service into the villages around the town, the project is looking for new volunteers to keep up with demand.
464	And after the excesses of the Christmas holidays, a fitness drive will probably be somewhere near the top of the priority list when it comes to New Year’s resolutions.
465	And all he had to show for his leadership was three lost elections (the 1994 and 1999 general elections and the 2003 municipal elections).
466	And always talk to people you trust about your feelings – both good and bad ones!
467	And any renter that wants one should be able to ask their landlord for one with the confidence that mortgage conditions aren’t going to be as barrier.”
468	And anyway, should world leaders be getting themselves in a tizz about three journalists (they don't seem bothered about Hegazy)?
469	And Bridget believes mindsets are beginning to change.
470	And cars will differ depending on a number of criteria, including fuel type, mileage, and how well it has been looked after.
471	And certainly the label fool cannot be levelled at the organisers of the free on street entertainment which is lined up in Wokingham Town Centre each and every Saturday of this month, despite the fact that they’ve rather assumed it’s going to be sunny.
472	And do you have a strategy to tackle absence?
473	And electrically operated door mirrors are really handy if you want an improved view of the kerb when parallel parking.
474	And especially the Genesis II E-410.
475	And everyone who climbed inside said the same thing: “It’s fantastic.”
476	And Farscape is delightfully bizarre overall.
477	“And he also srummages well, his set-piece was excellent today, and people like him and Maro got us over the gain-line constantly and got us quick ball.”
478	And honestly, I can’t argue with that.
479	And how much better did we look with a sharp, fit leading the line?
480	And if it’s a remortgage you’re after and you have a good track record with your current lender speaking to them is probably a good place to start.
481	And, if reports are to be believed, sobbed that the chance to play for Spain’s second or third best team passed him by.
482	And if they're going to be carrying the device around, you might want to think about taking out insurance.
483	And if vehicles will be on the premises overnight, damage and theft add to your potential issues – so you might wish to ensure there’s somewhere to secure them.
484	And if you’d like to take a slightly different approach than layering on the blankets, then it’s high time you checked out a few amazing sleepsacs!
485	And if you don’t fancy taking on the challenge but still want to try it, you can order it as a meal for four people, for £95.
486	And, if you need a brand new TV aerial, we can help.
487	And if your client is unfortunate enough to experience these side effects, they may choose to seek out a compensation claim against you, which could really put a dent in your business’ finances.
488	And I hadnt any backup.
489	And I mean ‘spending’ quite literally – at 30p a pop, UK families are wasting £416 a year keeping clean.
490	And Instonians will go into that tie with their relegation already confirmed due to a 10-0 loss to Lisnagarvey.
491	And it highlights how learners on English for speakers of other languages (ESOL) courses improve their English skills so they can become more involved in their communities.
492	And It's A Pock Out' will be very similar, there'll be water, mud, inflatables, rubber suits, lots of fun and much much more.
493	And luckily, this handset is as functional as it is beautiful.
494	And many sell out very quickly – like the Beauty and the Beast range.
495	And most importantly, does it do all of this concisely so it isn’t too long to skim?
496	And no television until it is done, either!
497	And now she is hoping to do even more to raise money and awareness of the devastating disease which tore her family apart.
498	And of course the ever-ubiquitous Nick Grimshaw delighted revellers with his great DJ sets alongside Sam Ronson.
499	And once there’s been a lot of it, they keep going and do some more.
500	And once you head along the monastery route, from Haghartsin to Makaravank, you'll understand why Tavush is the birthplace of Armenian culture, boasting a host of treasures that pull in visitors.
501	“And our volunteers were able to establish some facts about their military service and found interesting intelligence reports from actions on the front line.
502	And real change is possible.
503	Andrew Band, of Whiting & Partners (March), expects the seminar to be well-supported coming hard on the heels of the 2015 budget.
504	Andrew joined Lovewell Blake in 1983 and obtained a broad range of accountancy experience before moving to specialise in business recovery and insolvency in 1987.
505	Andrew Moulton, Wokingham Borough Council’s returning officer, said: “Polling day is in just two days’ time, so we really want to make sure that everyone knows how they can cast their vote and can easily take part on Thursday.”
506	Andrew Stephenson is the Conservative MP for Pendle.
507	And since then the district has undergone many iterations, most recently in the 2000s when Allied London ploughed £1.5bn into creating the commercial and retail space.
508	And somehow you were able to conceal the fact that it was 100+ degrees out!
509	And so weird as a visual spectacle.
510	“And that’s because of Willow.
511	And that’s driven both traffic and sales.
512	And the monies raised during this Remembrancetide will directly support servicemen and women, reservists, veterans, and their families, who are in need.
513	And then the ram escapes.
514	And then there are the three 'collections'.
515	And then there’s the use of the tug deck itself.
516	And there needs to be a strategy for being ahead of the game rather than playing catch-up.
517	And the results were particularly concerning for those at the bottom of the tables – Southeastern, Greater Anglia and First Capital Connect.
518	And there’s your obsession with Randi once again.
519	And the strong efficiency will compensate; Porsche claims 34.9mpg and 184g/km of CO2.
520	And they won’t question it being said we need to continue removing 200 a year due to natural wastage when its those we’re supposed to have been getting rid of in the first five years.
521	And this news is of huge national importance as it has been almost 500 years since they were last here.
522	And travel the world as an essential part of Royal Navy missions.
523	And Velocity 2’s new braking system - which has been patented by Zip World - allows for a quicker and smoother arrival.
524	And we can optimise scheduling and routing using complete CRM data.
525	And what about the extent which the NHS relies on nurses from the Philippines?
526	And when the visiting Sharks whittled their 12-point lead late in the game down to a point, it looked like the Giants might crumble again.
527	And when the water gets too hot a safety feature cuts power to the heating elements, causing the water to turn cold.
528	And while Kanye has recently expressed his woes at not being able to make it as a designer in the fashion world, he tells Seacrest that Kim is experiencing barriers with regards to her modelling work.
529	And will Beattie be a mainstay in City's defence, or get an itch to return to his more familiar striking role in times of need?
530	And with a condition as rare as SMA syndrome, some would agree a misdiagnosis was almost inevitable.
531	And with September upon us, it’s a great time to offer our old and new clients another seasonal and well-timed exclusive hairdressing blog offer – end of Summer hair colour refresh treatments as the hotter weather cools down.
532	And, with the YouView TV service included, you can enjoy all of these great features across 70 live TV and radio channels.
533	Andy Halstead commented, “I chose to work with the Angels Media team because I believe they’re best placed to support our delivery and growth objectives.
534	And you can work off some of the excesses of Christmas at an annual charity cross-county race on Monday, 29th December.
535	And you have to do whatever comes into your head as long as you know the tune and you have a fairly good ear.
536	And you know what they say about half filled holes!
537	And you never know, you might even get through that tricky bit of revision better if you get out of the library, go sit under a tree by the Cam, and enjoy a little breathing space.
538	Andy Strangeway, who came up with the idea, was inspired by the Lincolnshire campaign run by Judy Theobald.
539	Andy Watson, CEO of Ageas UK meets with Government to discuss floods - AgeasWe use cookies on our website to enhance its performance for visitors.
540	An early scan might be needed to check for a miscarriage if you experience any bleeding.
541	An easy read that provides an impressive and unique catalogue of walls and linear barriers, and makes a valuable and thought provoking contribution to this area of history.
542	An embankment and wall of great length and Strength have been thrown up for the protection of the works within, at the mouth of the Weaver.
543	A new £20million waste hub facility on the outskirts of Bury St Edmunds is due to be fully operational by next year, according to property consultants.
544	A new diagnostic test developed from research carried out at the University of Cambridge and the University of Dundee has been launched with the aim of helping eliminate the disease known as African sleeping sickness.
545	A new double garage was built using traditional materials to match the house.
546	A new edition of this invaluable guide to teachers' legal rights and responsibilities.
547	A new full application must be completed and a new offer made.
548	“A new iconic attraction that celebrates our rich history and culture, while creating jobs and income for the people.
549	A new resource book has been produced to support voluntary and community organisations to critically evaluate their assets and vulnerabilities.
550	A new role to help tackle human trafficking and modern slavery in Sussex will be funded by the county’s Police and Crime Commissioner.
551	A new study has shown that parents, and particularly mothers, are at greater risk of mental health issues such as anxiety, stress and depression if they have a child diagnosed with epilepsy.
552	A new system for ordering repeat prescriptions has now been introduced in all of our member GP practices in Sefton.
553	A new wing was added to the side.
554	An excellent day of tennis which was a pleasure to be part of.
555	An exciting opportunity to acquire this sizeable three bedroom townhouse situated within the highly sought after location of Belper.
556	An expensive car-park on a private estate, or a long but easy walk, to a quiet beach.
557	An extended 3 bedroom semi detached house situated on the popular Davis Estate and therefore close to public transport and schools that include Darrick Wood, Newstead and Tubbenden.
558	An external computer interface.
559	Angela Rowan, from the CPS, said: “Mrs Wishart was a law-abiding, devoutly religious, community-spirited loving mother, who lost her husband many years ago.
560	Angel really does have it all.
561	Anglian Water is launching a new campaign to help customers keep their tap water healthy.
562	An HP Colour 3D printer, Up!
563	AN ILMINSTER woman needs your help to track down a lost family heirloom after it was accidentally donated to St Margaret’s Hospice.
564	An important collection of more than 500 biographies of Victorians and "a number of leading statesmen and colonists who have either been identified with the early history of Australia or are now occupying prominent positions in the adjacent colonies."
565	An independent firm, our team work on domestic and commercial projects, including new builds and large developments, as well as one off projects.
566	An independent Tenant Advisor was to be appointed to deal with administration matters relating to the Housing Stock Transfer.
567	An industry pundit has called on the government to supply further details about its environmental initiatives.
568	An innovative lighting solution now encourages bats to hide while minimising light glare for train drivers.
569	An insight into the ecology and top tips of where to go and what to find!
570	An intention to increase control by approved controllers of non-directive firms.
571	An interim service will also include a full brake and steering check.
572	An interview with David Brew, a member of the British Computer Society and coordinates the Northern Ireland branch of AbilityNet's volunteer service ITCanHelp.
573	Annabel Teh Gallop with Bernard Arps, Golden Letters: writing traditions of Indonesia.
574	Anna Faris and Chris Pratt's son Jack celebrates his fifth birthday as actress takes a swipe at ex by hinting he 'didn't have her back'
575	Anne joined the team in 2017.
576	Anne-Marie is due on stage at at the Etihad shows.
577	Anne was older than William and so he had to ask his father’s permission to marry her.
578	Ann’s professional background is in human resources and learning and development, with previously experience at Birbeck College, University of London and the BBC.
579	An October op-ed in the same paper by Michael McFaul, Obama’s ambassador to Russia between 2012 and 2014, declared that the Russian air campaign was attacking ‘everyone except the Islamic State’.
580	An offer of £20,000 was made by his employers to settle the claim.
581	An opportunity for students to discuss their portfolio ideas and what makes a good portfolio.
582	An order that will expire at the end of the day if it is not filled.
583	A North East skin care company is attempting to raise £20,000 through to create a product that can protect nurses’ hands and save the NHS millions.
584	Another 20 recorded cash increases of over 10 per cent.
585	Another alternative – at any age – is to use a self-invested personal pension fund to purchase land from the farm, which would release cash back to the farm.
586	Another cause of decay over the last half century or so, has been the use of modern, synthetic materials in ‘repair work’.
587	Another lady was advised she would have to employ a surveyor at a cost of £300 if she challenged the tax band herself, compared to just £150 if she sought the help of the company which had contacted her.
588	Another new addition is the Chiswick House Bug Hotel.
589	Another of the Northgate Street Inns, it was ran by Evan Jones in 1871, and quickly disappeared there after.
590	"Another one for Mayson.
591	Another operational tour, but this time with a rather strange dynamic.
592	ANOTHER Parliamentary week has been devoted, almost exclu- sively, to the discussion of Irish affairs.
593	Another point I discovered yesterday was that when it comes to debating the House of Lords, reactionary views are not restricted to my right-wing colleagues, as I heard some of them coming from Opposition Members.
594	Another point worth noting is that the sheep on Mull are even more fearless and stubborn than in other parts of the Highlands and Islands and regard the roads very much as their own, which can slow you down even more.
595	Another reason that we need to coordinate is that digital skills are relevant to so many areas of government activity and there are lots of parts of government talking to the same users.
596	Another seven patches target Hyperion, one of Oracle's BI (business intelligence) products.
597	Another tragic legacy of the war was the large number of people who had been wounded, gassed or lost a limb.
598	Another unique aspect of an Ulster Fry is potato bread, a hybrid of two of the best carbs (gnocchi, who?).
599	Another urn had a possible lead repair.
600	An overflow car park adjacent to the main car park can be used for picnics; a number of picnic tables are provided, two of which are adapted to take people in wheelchairs.
601	Answer: Because a visit must not be missed.
602	Anti-migrant prejudice is being fed politically by UKIP and other organisations.
603	Anti racists can take heart from today.
604	Anti-Semitism remains the most common form of racism in Poland.
605	Anti-virus, IT Support Plans, Computer Services, New Installation, Computer Consultancy, Network & Internet, Professional Service, PC Upgrades &
606	Antler Tundra Large Trolley Bag<p>This stylish trolley bag from Antler is the ideal travelling companion for the adventurous explorer.
607	Antony Innes, from Anglian Water, said: “The message is simple: be on your guard, and if in doubt, check.
608	A number of significant sporting artists are well represented within this collection.
609	A number of these processes will be at the demonstration phase in 2007.
610	AN unborn baby has managed to shock his parents already, by turning and giving them a wave during an ultrasound scan.
611	An update on the issues affecting UCU's health educator members.
612	Any amendments will be dealt with through authority delegated to the Head of Community Services.
613	Anybody who knows me knows this.
614	Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be communicated via our website and email.
615	Any counsellor will say that avoidance behaviours are one of the most common habits of those with anxiety disorders.
616	Any disputes arising from or related to a visit to any of this site shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
617	Any help my hon.
618	Anyone choosing these careers needs to be aware that they are working in an ever-changing countryside which requires a modern approach.
619	Anyone have the same issue?
620	Anyone who has worked in CCHQ during the past few months will recognise some or all of these characteristics.”
621	Anyone who would like to register their interest in attending one of these courses or who would like further information about the course should contact Nicholas by email at nicholas.
622	Anyone wishing to receive a free, no obligation, written quote should call, text or email.
623	Anyone with information can call Thames Valley Police on 101.
624	Any penalty charge issued before expiry of the 10-minute grace period would be illegal, unless the vehicle itself is parked unlawfully (e.g. where the motorist has not paid any required parking fee or displayed a parking ticket where required).
625	Any personal information you provide will only be used to process this request.
626	Any Prime Minister would be unlikely to ask the Queen to present a programme if they did not believe it would secure the support of a majority of MPs in the Commons.
627	Any stock goods requested to return because of a change of mind, or other reasons that we may deem unreasonable or out of our control.
628	Anything from IT Support, IT Consultancy, IT Marketing, Design Services, iPhone App Designs, Web design, Web development, Equipment Recycling, IT Training, Printing Services.
629	Anzac Day has been commemorated in London since the first anniversary of the Anzac landings at Gallipoli in 1916, when King George V attended a service at Westminster Abbey and more than 2,000 Australian and New Zealand troops marched through the streets.
630	A once derelict landmark made famous by Pink Floyd and Batman, London's Battersea Power Station is finally being re-developed after decades of neglect.
631	A one stop shop for Open Source Research capability.
632	A pair of cricket trophies, late 19th century, the two cricket balls with sil.
633	Apart from a few hours a week for training sessions and to carry out other pre-arranged duties, retained firefighters only attend the fire station when they have received an emergency callout.
634	Apart from some exceptional circumstances, you must apply for consent to work on trees subject to a tree preservation order (TPO) or in a conservation area.
635	A particular watch for the quarter however is the group’s increasing load of video ads, which could offset what FB warned last year might be a “meaningful” drop in advertising growth, expected in the current year.
636	A part of this range is the Pickwick 4 + 2 Drawer Chest.
637	A pattern of inlaid veneers that usually consists of thin pieces of wood or other material - such as base metal, shell or ivory - glued to a wooden backboard for decoration.
638	A pendant replica of Coventry’s Cross of Nails is proving so popular that the range is being extended and continued into next year.
639	A percentage of the proceeds will be given to the Phyllis Tuckwell Hospice in Farnham and the Defence Medical Welfare Service.
640	APH also partners with a number of hotels to provide excellent overnight pricing and park-and-fly packages.
641	A picture of Tony Blair with a pair of red eyes staring out from behind the place where Mr Blair’s ordinary eyes would normally have been.
642	A PIP is similar to an 'outline' planning permission.
643	A place in a nursing home in the UK costs an average of £36,000 a year**, but in the south-east of England in particular that figure is likely to be considerably higher, so find out what your options are.
644	A Plymouth cafe owner is running her first marathon at the age of 63 in memory of an inspirational friend.
645	A positive risk culture is fundamental to the success of any organisation.
646	A positive value means that there was a swing from UKIP to Conservative, while a negative value denotes a swing from Conservative to UKIP.
647	Apparently the car – which had clocked up an impressive 102,000 miles – had nine months’ worth of MOT and three months of tax.
648	Appeals will be dealt with according to a process operating under a summary of principles informed by the European Commission’s Guide for National Agencies implementing the Erasmus+ programme.
649	Appendix 4: Employees, Equal Pay & Occupational Segregation will be available online shortly.
650	Appleby: ‘Very courageous, minister; do you wish to appear before a select committee next year explaining how you missed all your targets?’
651	Applehay Studio is a countryside self catering facility in Dorset, not far from th Wiltshire border, allowing guests to enjoy the best of both counties, an ideal location for walks, biking and wildlife in particular.
652	Applicants are asked to forward a CV together with a covering letter during their final year at college or university to the Practice Administrator, Anna Gardner.
653	Applicants should submit a 500 word maximum expression of interest that explains what they know about culture in Leeds and their experience of working with cities to promote arts and culture.
654	Applicants will generally be expected to supply a policy compliant appraisal scenario for comparison with their non-compliant/offer position version.
655	Applications for medical re-examination include the name of a person, address, occupation, age and the result of the examination.
656	Applications should contact the charity to enquire about whether they are eligible, either via telephone or the website.
657	Applies to new customer orders only.
658	Apply to clean towel-dried hair.
659	Appointments by US Commerce Secretaries include, Digital Economy Board of Advisors (2016), National Innovation Advisory Board (2011) as part of the Competes Act.
660	Appreciate how certain aspect of the sample design can impact on results and their levels of precision.
661	“Apprenticeships give you that crucial insight into industry.
662	Approaches and strategies of working with runaway children: Case examples Approach 1: Children have a right to a safe and happy home.
663	Approaching Patricroft Bridge where the A57 Liverpool Road crosses the canal.
664	Approved by John Hewitt, Director of Resources, the officer having responsibility for the administration of the council's financial affairs under section 151 of the Local Government Act 1972.
665	Approximately 90 per cent of compounds entering clinical trials never make it to the market.
666	A prenuptial agreement (also known as a prenup) is a written document that is made before a couple gets married, and sets out how their financial assets and income should be divided if they were to get a divorce.
667	A Preston driving school expects to raise turnover from £27,000 to £400,000 in three years, thanks to a five figure Rosebud Micro Loan secured through Boost’s Access to Finance programme.
668	April 13th, 2018 - Events - Wolverhampton - Whats on - Wolverhampton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
669	April 22nd, 2017 - Events - Biggin Hill - Whats on - Biggin Hill TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
670	A problem arose with Mr. Tyndall- he rather liked going on holiday without notice!
671	A procession of tries against depleted opponents, who arrived at Burrows Hill propping up the table and with 14 only players, started inside 60 seconds when Matt Treacy sprinted to the line.
672	A proficient investigation, exploring the chosen topic and demonstrating autonomous research and exploration.
673	A protected space where people may seek shelter in during the threat of an IED/VBIED.
674	A PSNI spokesman said the alert was in the Moygashel area near Dungannon.
675	APSS have been providing an innovative partitioning and storage service since 1997 helping a wide range of industries throughout the whole of the UK covering both interior and construction applications.
676	A puppy needs a lot of attention and reassurance when they arrive in a new environment having just left their mothers and littermates which can be a stressful time for them.
677	Aquarius can install a city blind in New-Malden?
678	A question was opened online and another engineer was booked.
679	Arabic written in Syriac script is a common occurrence throughout the Christian Orient, and is referred to as Garshuni.
680	A railway system that’ll be affordable, and safeguard the countryside.
681	Aras Hamid was sentenced to a total of 8 years' imprisonment with Terrorism Notification Requirements for 15 years.
682	A raucous new comedy about motherhood written by Leesa Harker, hot on the heels of her smash hit trilogy.
683	Arborio is the classic risotto rice, not as plump as Carnaroli risotto rice when cooked, but if you want to make a traditional vegetable risotto – it is the one to use.
684	Arbroath Open Day / Match Day Experience – Fully Booked What an incredible response we have had from our young supporters to our opening day Matchday Experience offer.
685	Architecture is at the heart of every city, the scale and construction of city buildings is foreign to that of my Irish hometown and is my inspiration for my final woven collection.
686	Archived 13 May 2010Notes by the web archivist: The online donatins feature of this archived web site should not be used.
687	Areas are clearly signed for one and two hours maximum stay.
688	Areas currently undergoing improvement works as part of the programme are the Graduate Centre, 20 classrooms located in the Benwell Road area of the campus, and the first and second floor restroom facilities located in the Learning Resource Centre.
689	Areas of local greenspace are important for people to!
690	A reasonably mature approach to studies, the capability to face the challenges of living abroad, and an interest in Italian are all of paramount importance.
691	A recent survey by the UK Society of Chief Librarians found that people needing help to find information online place a high level of trust in librarians.
692	A record crowd of keen gardeners arrived at the British Ironwork Centre on Sunday for the company’s annual plant hunters’ fair, now in its 4th year.
693	A regular Saturday night session has been held in Orkney since 1990.
694	A related project we have been carrying out recently, with the help particularly of FHW members Barry Wright, Linda Maggs, Ron Bielby and other local volunteers, is the detailed surveying of the hedgerows around Dunnington.
695	Are Manchester United above Liverpool and Tottenham in the Premier League table – yes.
696	A reminder that MTD will result in the gradual digitisation of small business (including landlords) reporting to HMRC.
697	A report by the British Hospitality Association appears to reveal the latest estimates of the impact of people who use Airbnb to act as ‘virtual landlords’ letting out their property - and impacting on the traditional private lettings sector.
698	Are there practical suggestions for the Government to devise a toolkit or guidance that could serve as a generic format and be considered independent advice in the absence of a lawyer?
699	Are there too many resources, or too few?
700	Are you an experienced Supervisor seeking permanent position in the Bristol area?
701	Are you a Professional Print Organisation?
702	Are you equipped for wireless?
703	Are you looking for a fitted blind in Leatherhead?
704	Are you looking for a New Years Resolution that doesn't involve giving up something that you love?
705	Are you moving abroad and are at the stage where you need to enlist the help of an overseas courier service?
706	Are you or someone you know of retirement age?
707	Arguably, such greater 'laxity', coupled with stricter liability, would engender a different set of behaviours amongst drivers and riders.
708	Argus was not completed before the Armistice.
709	Aristotle did not like extremes – he thought excess was a vice, but he also thought that too little of a good thing was a defect.
710	Arnold Road Evangelical Church (AREC) has generously allowed TLG Nottingham to move into the back hall of their church building.
711	A rookie quarterback, fantasy Football Week 8 Sit 'Em: Quarterbacks Weak starts.we have the start-or-sit advice you're craving.
712	Around 20 producers and suppliers will be selling high quality and locally sourced food, drink and crafts in the polytunnels, from 10am to 4pm.
713	Around 57 per cent of these have children, and of course it would be unwise simply to slash the housing benefit given to low-paid young mums and dads.
714	Around two-thirds of these are glutamatergic (excitatory), while the remainder are inhibitory and use GABA and/or glycine.
715	Arrange Viewing for '14-15 Market Place'
716	Article 8 is a ‘qualified right’ and so limitations on the right are permitted.
717	Artisan Market on Bolton Markets websiteBolton Market are holding a fabulous Artisan Market at Heaten Fold Garden Centre and Cafe on the third Sunday of every month!
718	Art Robo is a universal printing machine build with semi automatic curved surface tracing system for printing on 3D and any uneven surface of any size.
719	Arvina Founder Chris Bacon said: “We aim to provide the ultimate VIP clubbing experience, making sure every customer is looked after to the highest of standard.
720	AS13 fm & general direct audio input shoe for Phonak Ambra microP & SP, Solana microP & SP, Cassia Ambra microP & SP and.
721	As a change agent I need to be part of the team as well as a manager.”
722	As a doctoral researcher, you are part of a vibrant community of over 400 research students across five academic faculties.
723	“As a fan of the sport, I really do hope it carries on at Barbury.
724	As a fellow hot-air balloon pilot I understand their joy of merging with the wind and the sky, but without the risks these early pioneers dared to take.
725	As a first preliminary study on a limited number of samples, we were greatly encouraged.
726	As a food and drink industry we need to keep innovating to provide our consumers with low or lower calorie options.
727	As a huge football fan it was a privilege to be working with one of the world's best footballers.
728	A salary for the duration of the award period.
729	As a lone worker experiences such as this call into play issues which would continue to be encountered by Veterans Champions.
730	As a member of our MBA cohort, you can reap the benefits of our global alumni programme throughout your MBA study and beyond.
731	As a Minister I sat on Telecommunication Councils and it is incredibly detailed stuff.
732	As an employer, business owner, HR professional, or even just as a colleague – it’s essential you’re doing your part to educate yourself and team-members on how best to understand the GDPR and other legal changes.
733	As an employer, having a Shared Parental Leave policy will be vital to set you ahead of the curve.
734	As a North Sea port, Scarborough had long since conceded leadership locally to Hull.
735	As a result of this, ‘Embrace at Mosslands’ has been set up as a charity initiative within Mosslands to enable all students no matter what size, age or disability, to participate, and play competitively, alongside their peers.
736	As a result of this, he said, it could not be used to avoid statutory or court-imposed duties and “enforcement of it is not a legal right vouchsafed to the Government”.
737	“As a result of this work we now have one of the best taxi licensing policies in the country and have been working with the LGA on best practice for local authorities.
738	As a team you should be constantly meeting and discussing how to drive your business forward, which should also include conversations on how to make a great first impression to your prospects.
739	As attending a casino back in this decade was nowhere near being the regular, mainstream activity that it is today, both men and women used to dress a lot more stylishly to do so.
740	As a very energetic teacher, Alison hopes to open up the sometimes mysterious world of science to her audience.
741	As a volunteer, you are entitled to claim reasonable, actual, out-of-pocket expenses incurred while volunteering.
742	As a whole the course is challenging but hopefully not too overwhelming.
743	As big Norfolk lovers here at SRL HQ, we were delighted to discover that a Norfolk location features among the top destinations posted on the photo-sharing site.
744	As can be seen from the chart, this where the 61.8% Fibonacci retracement level of the last downswing converges with the 50-day moving average.
745	As Chase and his new "wife" set up house, he realizes there’s something very genuine about his smoldering attraction to Raney.
746	As David McDowell explains, 'Arbat was something of a watershed: for the first time in living memory, the peasantry had taken on the agha class, demonstrating that change was a real possibility'.
747	A second card is available to an individual over the age of 18, who resides at the same address as the primary member.
748	A SECOND wave of headline acts have been announced for this…
749	A secret from Freddie's past, involving Archie, is revealed.
750	A senior member of the Royal Family had attended in an official capacity – something that would have been recorded in the Court Circular as a public engagement.
751	A series of LEDs deliver a precise light pattern and their intensely bright natural light provides exceptional illumination.
752	As ethical shooters, we owe it to our quarry to develop our ability in this kind of environment before we ever head abroad to shoot live animals.
753	A SEVERELY depleted Wanderers Reserve side were thrashed at Burnbrae in Milngavie on Saturday as West of Scotland secured the spoils in their BT Reserve League West First Division encounter.
754	“As far as I am concerned I am going to be in Berlin.
755	As far as the blog goes, there are no restrictions on what you can post, and the posts are not edited by anyone, so you are free to post whatever you want, provided it is an appropriate topic.
756	As for the above policies, Right to Buy is a complete non-starter.
757	As for the food, it's all whisked up by Hrishikesh Desai (who won Chefs On Trial to land his job), perhaps chilli-glazed lobster, spring lamb with masala sauce, Yorkshire rhubarb with Bergamot panna cotta.
758	As Francois Hollande takes up his seat as President of France, will he be able to live up to the huge expectations of those who voted for him or will his reputation for indecision be his undoing, asks Robert Tombs.
759	As grade influences pay, this also ensures that individuals are paid appropriately.
760	As has been said, a high proportion of small business finance comes from the large clearing banks, but other sources are being used more and they certainly should be.
761	Ashbrooke Mount in Sunderland SR2 consists predominantly of terraced houses.
762	As he was returning to his RAF base, his aircraft plunged from the sky in a steep dive and crashed in a field in Lincolnshire, killing him instantly.
763	Ashington contested the score claiming offside and referee Stephen Dial had a lengthy discussion with his assistant before play restarted.
764	Ashley, is that you?
765	As holiday accommodation rather than residential accommodation the addresses should not be used as permanent accommodation.
766	A short but sweet list has some local options and interesting craft beers.
767	A short crash course is obviously not enough to describe all functions of the stylesheet language in detail.
768	A short piece about Vasant Panchami, the Hindu festival in honour of the goddess of learning.
769	As I am sure my hon.
770	Asian Bridal Services in Stourbridge - Raks Bridal - Enjoy exploring our site.
771	As I confessed earlier on, I have been in such rooms.
772	A side on view giving a better idea of the drop, but before we head down we decide to explore a bit.
773	“A significant issue is the collection of council tax instalments for those receiving Universal Credit,” he said.
774	As immensely powerful as that is, it is not universal.’
775	A simple to update site was created with some very stylish photographs taken by our own photographer to show off our clients work to the very highest standard.
776	As inequality grows and the rich get richer, what are the implications of extreme wealth and is it in any way merited?
777	As in the case of a ‘cliff-edge’ Brexit, the UK would then become a third country with respect to the rest of the EU, with WTO rules applying to trade.
778	As I said earlier, we are not commenting on what investigations we have live and open.
779	As it happened we screened this a week after the election, and the Q&A commenced almost exactly a week after the polls had closed.
780	As it is set in 1965 after Churchill has died, the “conversations” take place in Lord Moran’s mind as he questions what is in the public interest to publish.
781	As it stands, much will depend on how HMRC implement the change, as those affected will need to be made aware of their ability to have the gain recalculated.
782	As I’ve already mentioned, there will be an increased use of sharing buttons and comments fields to encourage debate.
783	A sixth bedroom has double doors to the rear and an en-suite with WC, sink and shower.
784	· ask for help, but may not be explicit about the problem due to embarrassment or fear.
785	Ask the children to say how many times taller they think their teacher is than them.
786	Ask them how they think people communicated over distances in the past.
787	Ask your GP if they record the names of carers.
788	Ask yourself what you want to achieve and focus on that.
789	A sleek Kirchzarten holiday home makes a stylish stay.
790	As live prices are often very different, straight exchanges cannot always be made, plus the contract that we have with the incoming company may not allow for it either.
791	As local housing allowance is normally paid to the tenant then you are going to need a bank account.
792	As long as it does the job, people don’t even care what they’re stuffing down their throats.
793	As long as you cancel during the cooling off period, you should receive a full refund – as long as you haven’t already made a claim on your policy.
794	As many as half of English Premier League clubs will go into the 2017/18 football season with a gambling operator as their main shirt sponsor.
795	As marketers, we want buyers to choose our brands to engage with.
796	As members of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors you have the peace of mind that any monies held by the firm on your behalf are covered by the RICS Clients Money Protection Scheme.
797	As mentioned previously, this can admit one patient with high dependency needs.
798	As Metro Play Limited and 666Bet are unable to send emails to customers, the Commission has agreed to publish the following statement on their behalf.
799	A smooth black tea with whole, organic herbs and spices such as cinnamon, ginger and cardamom.
800	As most of the work for our payroll is done before hand it only takes around half an hour to run it, which is great.
801	As much as possible we encourage your dog to lay down.
802	As much as we like the plastic casing of the iPhone 5c there is one fact that we can't ignore.
803	A solid Pay-Per-Click (PPC) advertising campaign is the way to ensure this is what happens.
804	As one customer said to me yesterday it is clearly apparent the centres love doing this, they’re not doing it in sufferance.
805	As one half of the prolific comedy duo Lee & Herring, Richard Herring enjoyed phenomenal cult success as a writer and performer with shows such as “Lionel Nimrod’s Inexplicable World”, “Fist of Fun” and “This Morning with Richard Not Judy” (BBC 2).
806	As one of the core disciplines of PR, media relations has traditionally always been thought of as the key skill communicators need to spread their message to the widest possible audience.
807	As organic reach on social networks plummets, brands are searching for alternative means to accommodate their customer engagement requirements, in ways that social networks alone cannot accommodate.
808	As others have said, mobile coverage in some parts of the country is patchy – notably rural Herefordshire!
809	“As our research found, the current catalysts for taking the leap and starting a business include inheriting funds and being made redundant.
810	As part of a school project on healthy living, you have been asked by your German teacher to write about your lifestyle.
811	As part of Eating Disorders Awareness Week, she writes about stereotypes and misconceptions around eating disorders.
812	As part of our commitment to providing a 'continuous caring relationship' we have selected a number of professional organisations that provide complimentary services to our our own.
813	As part of the Consumers Association registered charity, all our profits go towards the work we do campaigning on behalf of all consumers, so you can be confident that we would only recommend a mortgage deal that is right for you.
814	As part of the deal, the JV will also build up to six factories at strategic locations across the UK, which will produce up to homes per year, making it the UK’s leading modular housing developer.
815	As part of the experience, students were able to hold live cockroaches and witness how they compete amongst each other to survive.
816	As part of the RIIO-T1 and RIIO-GD1 price controls we introduced a Network Innovation Stimulus.
817	As part of this business area, guidelines for the auditing of quality and/or environmental management systems are tested, proven and set.
818	A specialist nurse in Northern Ireland is paid £409 less than in England and £823 less than in Scotland.
819	Aspect to the rear, radiator, range of built in wardrobes.
820	As phrases like "robo-advice", "digital wallets" and "distributed ledger" enter the mainstream, there's understandably interest in the benefits these innovations could bring - as well as the problems that could arise.
821	A spokesman for the five-piece band, also seen at last year’s T in the Park festival at Strathallan Castle in Perthshire, said: “We are really pleased to be returning to Kendal Calling this year.
822	A spokesperson said last year: “The Sun’s extensions – Dream Team, Bingo, Sun Bets – are part of the Sun’s online DNA and part of the entire brand.
823	A spokesperson said: “This is a final opportunity to comment on the document before it is submitted to the planning inspectorate for independent examination.”
824	A spokeswoman from HPE declined to reveal costs of the project, but she said that the upgrade is part of a 25-year plan to invest $5.2 billion in the airport, and out of this, about $2 billion will be invested by the Olympic Games.
825	As reported in the Observer in December, Rangers have been showing an interest in the two men and were set to make a move this month.
826	Assaulted a constable in the execution of his duty in Watford on January 27.
827	Assess how difficult it would be to adapt and how quickly the new messaging can be activated with the sales force.
828	Assistance dogs are welcomed in all areas.
829	Associate Dentist – Kettering (Thursday,Friday,Saturday,Sunday) Dental practice located in Kettering are looking for an Associate Dentist to manage a predominantly NHS patient list.
830	As someone who happily sees on results days year after year the fantastic capacity for girls to excel in STEM subjects, it is differences in attitude, rather than aptitude, which interest me.
831	As someone who has been a placard-carrying member of the anti make up wipes movement I was thrilled that women might finally pay attention now that it has been said on national TV.
832	As some time elapsed between the birth of the two children, William’s first will left the estate and house to his daughter Joan.
833	As such, he is either remarkably brave, irrepressibly stubborn or wilfully provocative.
834	As such he spends the majority of his time answering his mobile to our fitters across three areas and likes to keep his ‘hand in’ by helping the fitters.
835	As such I have a wide knowledge of art practice especially in the context of the built environment.
836	As such it is not possible to assess the robustness of the quantitative findings.
837	As such, it will enjoy all its rights as a member and will have to comply with the legislation in force.
838	As such, the purpose of the work was to capture some of the experiential knowledge held by professionals working in this area, to share this knowledge more widely across the sector and to provide inspiration to others.
839	A steel shelf, which matches the oven and extractor, provides an extra area for decorative items, and the base units and tall cabinet offer plenty more spots to stash kitchenalia.
840	As tempting as it is to solely concentrate on your own driving actions there is a need to pay attention to what is going on around you and appreciate that events can change very quickly.
841	As the Blitz intensified across Britain in 1940, fifteen builders met in Islington, not far from the site of the greatest damage in the east end of London.
842	As the game drew to a close and the Cherries brought on some fresh legs from the bench, Eden rounded off with her hat-trick after some quick play around the area and a lovely shot after beating the full-back.
843	A St Helens Council statement read: “The cost is £31 per year for each green bin if you sign up online, or £36 if you sign up by phone with a credit/debit card.
844	As the official charity of the Blair Castle International Horse Trials 2016, Barnardo’s Scotland has prepared an adrenaline filled fundraiser for all riders, visitors and the local community taking place on Sunday 28 August.
845	As the organisation responsible for growing our economy faster and for the benefit of all, we want to make sure we reflect the dynamism of our region’s businesses, its communities and of course its people.
846	As the owner and broker of Coxe Property Management & Leasing David C. Coxe comes from a legacy of New Orleans real estate over 50 years in the making.
847	As the years pass and the bones become worn and weary, it’s becoming harder to drive an hour back home after dinner, so it’s a treat we might have to afford ourselves more often.
848	As this response evolves, prevention and treatment must go hand-in-hand, with a scale-up of both treatment centres and community-based public health campaigns.
849	As to his second request, I am aware of the letter from him and the hon.
850	Aston Heyes is one of the areas where Steve has focused his efforts with speed detection devices.
851	A studentship may be held on a part-time basis.
852	A stunning addition to any dining room or kitchen, this round dining table features a fir wood parquet surface with a contrasting black metal trim.
853	A successful course will have laid the foundations for an understanding of the workplace within the leisure business and industry.
854	A superfast internet connection with download speeds of between 23 and 80 megabits per second (mbps) makes your business more efficient, cheaper to run and easier to develop.
855	A survey on labour turnover, on which the 1958 conference was based, is held at Gwent Archives, under reference D5815.
856	A sustainable development, the project was BREEAM assessed and monitored under the Construct CO² initiative and included installations of LED lighting and a recycling programme.
857	A SVR is associated with genotype 2 and 3, in addition to a high CD4+ cell count and a low HCV load prior to therapy.
858	As we age our skin loses collagen and fat resulting in a changed facial contour.
859	As we all know, this naturally occurs.
860	As we are more than halfway through 2017 and that little bit closer to the festive season, Smart Christmas Parties is celebrating by offering you the chance to win a £250 voucher for either Selfridges or John Lewis.
861	As we arrived at his address, we were met by his neighbours who were also concerned about him.
862	As we begin to realise the benefits of this outstanding facility there are still ways to support this vital project.
863	As we know that the next phases of development will take place in Lower Falinge, we will be issuing these notices to the affected homes in this area first.
864	As well as a cash donation, Lexon has put together starter packs of toiletries to give to young people and Knights Pharmacies in Worcestershire have been advertising information on how to become a host.
865	As well as a ‘power on’ indicator there is also a ‘low pressure’ indicator that will light up when the water pressure is insufficient.
866	As well as conspiracy to defraud, one can envisage Fraud by False Representation and Computer Misuse Act offences being applicable where data has been obtained by deception or electronically.
867	As well as convenience, the cost of different methods of transportation may also be a leading factor when you come to decide how you will get around in each place.
868	As well as conventional forms of teaching in lectures and seminars we also use field-trips and new technology to enrich the learning experience of students.
869	“As well as Cunard and P&O Cruises other Carnival brands including Princess, Holland America and Aida will benefit.”
870	As well as improving the guest experience, these investments also help to reduce confusion and make the venue more navigable.
871	As well as learning about the theoretical bases of each of these approaches, you will participate in workshops and seminars where you will have the opportunity to begin to put them into practice.
872	As well as making games for research, Betty also provides University guest lectures, workshops and seminars on how to design game-based online research.
873	As well as mining, woodland and sporting interests, the estate has a number of business, some of which will have been apparent to anyone who has visited.
874	As well as probing these basic mechanisms, the aim is to contribute to a more complete description of how synaptic circuits become altered in conditions such as epilepsy and dementia.
875	As well as providing your Fire Marshals with the appropriate fire safety training courses, it is important that any safety induction training provided to new starters include fire safety awareness topics.
876	As well as raising millions of pounds, Will Aid has an enduring impact and engages solicitors with charity, explains campaign director Peter De Vena Franks.
877	As well as the Blahnik stores, he is shortlisted to design a bar in Mayfair, so doing furniture, such as his latest piece — a copper-clad floating cupboard unit — comes naturally.
878	As well as the ecological pros and cons to weigh up with many of the products available, there also financial considerations.
879	As we prepare the Museum for its grand reopening and the Zoology Live!
880	As we repeat time and time again, two pairs of eyes are better than one when it comes to writing a tender.
881	As we’ve explained the best way to protect a bike is to lock it properly with a good lock, but is it worth having a second line of defence – some insurance in case the worst should happen?
882	As we walk into to the restaurant we are greeted by the staff and have a chat about the food available today.
883	As with every submission another team member familiar with the process should carry out a review.
884	As you can see from the image below, microblading makes the brows appear thicker and fuller without looking too ‘done’ or over-filled.
885	As your business changes we offer a flexible approach to that change in order that in periods of growth or reduction we can support the business throughout.
886	As your local insurance broker, A-Plan Hemel Hempstead has been serving clients in your area for over 20 years.
887	As you will be classified as an ‘international student’ under the fees regulations, you may not be eligible for tuition fee or maintenance loans.
888	At 6, he was placed in a school for learning disabilities and immediately branded ‘stupid and no-good’ by the local community, including his own father.
889	At a joint press conference the European Union’s chief negotiator Michel Barnier said a decisive step had been taken.
890	A talented knows a lot about how to create unique and exciting flavours, while simultaneously playing the role of listener, therapist, and life coach to customers.
891	A tall roofline makes visibility excellent, but the car’s shape also means you experience crosswinds more than in shorter vehicles – the more compact Volkswagen up! feels more stable, for example.
892	At any rate, this Bill is aspirationally attractive, and all of us who have any liberal sensibilities like the idea of families being able to be joined together, although it may well be that better facilities are needed for that purpose.
893	At best bimodal IT should be viewed as a stepping-stone on the journey towards making the entire technology platform and IT department fit for the digital world.
894	At Bluebird Care Trafford, we work together with families to provide care and support to children in their own home.
895	At BMI Healthcare, our consultants will examine you and ask questions about your health.
896	At c2c our vision is to earn the lifetime loyalty of our customers by consistently delivering frequent, high performing public transport services which offer excellent value.
897	At Clippers K9 our dedicated animal care team have over 40 years combined experience caring for and grooming a variety of animals.
898	At Cognique, we’ve got your website covered.
899	At commuter times, London Bridge will be very busy.
900	‘At Dermal Clinic we promote the “look better feel better” motto.
901	A teacher from East London who joined us for the day said, “It was great teaching students from Afghanistan and Iran.
902	A team from the water company, based at an office in Enfield, are carrying out free household audits, called ‘Smarter Home Visits’.
903	At EASST we always believed in power of education and especially that good road safety training could make a big difference for any organisation and business.
904	At Energy Networks we aim to assist parties who wish to undertake any type of works in proximity to our electrical network safely.
905	At Explorify, we love asking questions about the world around us.
906	At first Dan and his partners concentrated on getting the drinks offer right.
907	“At first he declined, but then six months later he said he was willing to give it a try – he’s 80 and very active, and still works full-time.
908	A third question raised by industry is access to skilled workers.
909	At home, I am now spending at least two hours a day standing at my computer as I write, answer emails and watch TV shows whereas previously I would have been sitting on my backside.
910	A three double bedroom Victorian house with 74' garden.
911	A time-based fee rewards an individual for the time that is spent on a project by that individual.
912	At least two candidates in their twenties are hoping for a victory.
913	At Lexmark International Ltd, they have reward schemes, bonus schemes; provide job descriptions, development plans, pay reviews, performance management processes, organisation strategy.
914	At Mark J Rees we can advise businesses in the Leicester area on the possible tax advantages of employing your spouse in the firm.
915	At MusicMagpie, you can get 20% off a variety of games for Xbox One and PS4.
916	At National 5, candidates are required to ‘carry out three investigations using a minimum of two investigative techniques’.
917	At Nelson Lodge we have a caring team of well qualified professionals, passionate about what they do and dedicated to ensuring our residents always feel confident that they can rely on a friendly face and helping hand 24-hours a day.
918	A top official at the Bank of England has added to speculation that the UK's banking system could be set to change after labelling free banking a 'dangerous myth'.
919	At Osprey we have a comprehensive range of secure garage doors for you to choose from.
920	A total body BOSU workout that targets the upper body, core and lower body with exercises including push ups, squats, cricket climbers and more.
921	A total of 167 companies were registered in Worthing during the first quarter of 2011 (Jan 2011 - Mar 2011).
922	A total of 709 companies were dissolved in Leeds during the first quarter of 2012 (Jan 2012 - Mar 2012).
923	A total of 921 companies were dissolved in Leeds during the second quarter of 2010 (Apr 2010 - Jun 2010).
924	A tour up the valley to Llandeilo can take in such gems as Aberglasney Historic Gardens, Dinefwr Park and Newton House(National Trust), Dinefwr Castle (Cadw), the Golden Grove Arboretum, all within a 35 mile round trip.
925	At present Italian cuisine, which could obviously be continued & in our opinion in view of the excellent main road trading position there is potential for other types of cuisine, if desired.
926	At Renault, the CGT's strongest single base in the engineering and motor industry, the federation did start discussions on pushing the demand for pension rights after 37.5 years.
927	At Rubbish Clearance, we cart off mixed waste, sofa removal, boilers, cookers, rolls of underlay or loads of bricks safely at a registered London dump.
928	At Shooligans, children''s feet will be carefully measured and their shoes fitted to best meet individual needs whilst providing stability, support and growing room for their ever active feet.
929	At sites where electricity production is not a viable option, but landfill gas is produced in moderate quantities, gas flaring units are used.
930	At Spencers we pride ourselves on our expert local market knowledge, which is a vital to the success of your house purchase or sale.
931	At St George’s Church, a sung Family Eucharist will be held at 9.30am Father Martin can be reached on 01424 883408.
932	Attached to item 22, concerning old and new dye.
933	Attached to the email will be a form with the Contributor must correctly complete (Payment Form).
934	"Attendance was up a little bit on last year, we had around 2,500 people over the three days."
935	Attending an open day is a great way to see what life might be like for you when studying here.
936	Attending Invictus Games training camps though has given him the impetus to get his life back on track.
937	At that point in the future, EU law would cease to apply in the UK, which would lose access to the common market (unless a new arrangement had been negotiated).
938	At that point, it appeared the title race would be going to Monday night at The Obs, but then it was Walsh, just as he did at The Racecourse against Merlins Bridge last Thursday, who grabbed the precious goal.
939	At that time the U.K's air force consisted of two organisations the Royal Flying Corps (RFC)Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS).
940	At the Dissolution a rent of 8. was received for this property, which in 1546, when it was granted to the speculators, Edward Watson and Henry Herdson, included half a rood of land held by James Farrington.
941	At the end of last year TEWV and the CCG asked for residents' views about what should be done to improve mental health provisions in Harrogate, in light of the difficult financial situation.
942	At the end of the arm is Little Hallingbury Mill which is an impressive building built as a corn mill in 1874 and now converted to a hotel and restaurant.
943	At the end of the course, the tutor will provide you with the option of DNA ancestry testing at a discounted rate.
944	At the entrance to the hall is the statue of an earnest-looking figure.
945	At the finish gun the positions were –
946	At the forefront of his imagery has been an interest in written and visual language, and his status as a teacher is legendary.
947	At the moment, as civil partnerships are not legally defined as marriage, if one partner is adulterous the other partner cannot sue for those reasons when it comes to dissolving the relationship.
948	At the moment it is a good time to buy because interest rates are low.
949	At the moment though, it's certainly worth more investigation.
950	At the ruined pill box leave the woods and head diagonally downhill SW.
951	At the same time, he has developed and led a highly effective clinical neuropsychology service across KHP, demonstrating that the clinician scientist model is still alive and strong.
952	At the same time, Militant was to the fore in giving support to the occupation.
953	At the same time, some run length sizes are too expensive when printed on toner-based systems.
954	At the same time they considered other factors, such as current relationships with suppliers in making recommendations.
955	At the same time, you can develop the skills to assess manufacturing issues with regards to strategic and financial implications, as well as work effectively in a team environment.
956	“At the start of the second half Northampton changed their shape to pose us a few more problems and we adjusted slightly.
957	At the time I was elected a Junior Research Fellow at Merton the field was considered a niche academic activity.
958	At the time Somerville was not only growing in numbers, it was growing in reputation.
959	At the top it shades off into the higher echelons of management and administration, which are effectively part of the ruling class.
960	At the top of the steps before the conservatory there is a small lawned area surrounded by mature colourful shrubs.
961	At the visitor centre and Adderstone Field, Dalby offers exciting adventure play equipment for childen.
962	Attitudes, knowledge and behaviour towards people with mental health problems are more likely to improve if people are given the opportunity to learn from someone who has personal experience of mental illness.
963	At Torr Waterfield, we can provide guidance on the rules and help you minimise your income tax liability in the Leicester area.
964	Attractions, Local Information for - Gainsborough TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
965	Attractive house providing comfortable, family accommodation with a courtyard garden.
966	A TURKISH restaurant based in Prestwich has missed out on scooping a prestigious award in the annual British Kebab Awards 2017.
967	At Walworth Appliances, we understand that you won’t want to pay over the odds for quality, which is why we can provide you with cheap washing machines in Hampshire that won’t let you down.
968	At what age can you use an air gun?
969	A typical GNR signalbox stood adjacent to the level crossing on the up side, this controlled the crossing and access to the small goods yard.
970	A typical human sheds over a pound of skin a year, while also losing around half a pint (285ml) of moisture each night!’
971	A useful gate then provides access to the main part of the gardens which are to the rear and side of the property.
972	“Austerity” was public relations to please ratings agencies.
973	“Austin is doing very well, we have 100% confidence in him.”
974	Authentic indian cusine and curry house, based in cambridge.
975	Automatic enrolment is automatic for staff – they don’t have to do anything.
976	‘Auto Scanning Time’ is the speed at which the scanning highlight cursor moves around the screen.
977	A vacancy has arisen for the position of Team Manager/Co-ordinator ahead of the opening of the new Craft Shop on Rousay.
978	Available for all celebration's and venue's including Birthday's, Wedding's, Corporate events, Anniversaries, Pub and club night's, etc All kinds of music catered for with music from over 8 decades.
979	Available from Julian Cleaver, 140 Springfield Road, Kings Heath, Birmingham B14 7DX.
980	Available in beautiful denim, linen and velvet finishes.
981	Available in both petrol and diesel guises, manual or auto, with three doors or five, the Corsa is off to a promising start.
982	Available in hard copy or as a downloadable poster.
983	Available this spring, Snickers’ new Floorlayers Work Trousers and the patented Knee Guard System combine very effectively to deliver the ultimate solution for working safely and in comfort on your knees.
984	Available "To Let" is this corner retail unit located within the heart of Grimsby town centre.
985	A valuation should also reflect your own personal timescales for moving.
986	A variety of Ceramics classes are on offer at New Directions’ centre in Northumberland Avenue, Whitley, which is being refurbished in August.
987	A variety of routes are available for dissemination through the learning portal, pre-job briefs and inherent within work packs.
988	A varying length of time is required for the new, synthetic root to integrate with the bone and is therefore placed first and allowed time to heal before the new crown is placed on top.
989	Avenue One is currently closed in both directions between the junctions with the B656 Baldock Road and Works Road.
990	Average daily maximums reach 29.2 C whilst the sun shines for around eight or nine hours a day, making it a perfect winter sun destination.
991	Average rents ended 2016 higher than they started it according to.
992	A Verity 9ct gold cased lady's bracelet wristwatch, the signed circular silve.
993	A very thin anorectic patient says she needs to lose more weight.
994	Avoid exercise and alcohol.
995	Avoid growing the same kinds of plants year after year in the same ground.
996	A voluntary car scheme is where individuals in a community can use their own vehicles to provide transport locally.
997	Avoncroft wasted little time in claiming victory, racing to 159-2 in just the 17th over with the help of Daniel Elliott’s quickfire 67 off 38 balls.
998	A vote to remain will keep rates low for some time whereas a Brexit could mean prices start to rise.
999	Avril had been thinking for some time about downsizing from a large three-bedroom house to a smaller apartment that’s much easier to maintain, but didn’t think it was feasible for her until she saw an advertisement for Limelight in a local newspaper.
1000	Awarded for food excellence in restaurants, Michelin Stars are coveted by all chefs.
1001	Away from the big chains you can encounter a personal service that is hard to beat.
1002	A well-supported medical doctorate programme is also available.
1003	A well written and inspiring read.
1004	A Weston-super-Mare cycling charity is teaching people with disabilities all about road safety, thanks to specialist equipment it bought with a grant from Go Kids Go!
1005	A Wii U launch title, New Super Mario Bros.
1006	A wonderfully delicious soft cookie that's packed full of chocolately goodness.
1007	A world leader in online betting and gaming.
1008	A wry one-liner from him (“I hear no whistle.
1009	"A young man ran past shouting 'run, just run' with another saying 'they have knives'.
1010	Azura has six inside and 12 outside single cabins, which are located on Deck 6 by the casino.
1011	Baby Ah'Kiell Walker died from a lack of oxygen to the brain and medical t…
1012	Back in 1996 I was made redundant, I had a young family and no job.
1013	Back in the 17th century conservatories were used as a place to store plants and protect them from the cold and they certainly weren't made of glass!
1014	Back in the UK, we sped through the UK Border at Stansted in record time (less than 1 minute!) and uploaded this report from the rather flatter rocks of Stansted Airport train station platform (but thankfully they are still sunny!
1015	Badly-fitting tack can cause behavioural problems in a horse as a response to pain or discomfort, as well as actual physical injuries.
1016	Bainbridge was released under unconditional bail to return to court for trial on Monday, June 25.
1017	Bake 12-16 minutes or until firm to the touch but still pale.
1018	Balfour Beatty has pledged £100,000 which is raised through employee fundraising and corporate donations, to help fund Barnardo’s Employment, Training and Skills (ETS) services.
1019	Ballard has a near full-strength squad, with only Sam Elkins (knee) unavailable.
1020	Barbara Griffith had to keep a steady hand, as she was responsible for writing all of the beautiful signs that give our visitors little snippets of extra information about particular parts of India, or plants from that region.
1021	BARF is an abbreviation of Biologically Appropriate Raw Food (sometimes referred to as Bones and Raw Food).
1022	Barker found it hard to earn a living subsequently, and in 1937 appeared in a side-show on entitled ‘Strange Honeymoon’.
1023	Barnardo’s Scotland works with more than 26,500 children and young people in over 122 specialised community-based services across Scotland and has 81 shops raising funds to support our services.
1024	“Barratt does not accept liability for the necessary repairs and has confirmed that the building was signed off as compliant by independent approved inspectors when it was built in 2001 and 2002.
1025	Bars have their own requirements for requalification, including any exemptions that might apply based on the individual’s professional experience.
1026	Based at Donington Park, the home of motorcycle experiences, you could take the first steps towards your motorcycle licence – or get back on with The Honda Motorcycle Experience.
1027	Based in 1980s Camden Town, the show tells the story of London lad Joe Casey, who, on the night of his 16th birthday, takes Sarah, the girl of his dreams, out on their first date.
1028	Based in Boundary Road, Rugby, Concept Solutions is an insurance company.
1029	Based in Perth Road, Dundee, Dundee Nursing Agency is a business.
1030	Based on a nautical theme, skilled craft workshops will be delivered by range of creative organisations throughout the weekend.
1031	Based on my research, I created a new portfolio of materials and the information is still used by the company today.'
1032	Based on our experience in Yemen we promote women's access to justice in Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq.
1033	Based on the fieldwork I have conducted in the Eastern Sahara, this series of lectures aims to explore postPleistocene adaptations through the lens of transformations of the social world.
1034	Based on your decision, you should find the best Madrid holiday packages with the help of trip advisor who helps to plan your trip as simple and affordable as possible.
1035	BASES Annual Conference, Uxbridge, UK.
1036	Basically the flag campaign is a ‘feel good’ bit of self-promotion for the government and concocted to enable Prime Minister John Key to wrap himself in the national emblem, at taxpayer expense.
1037	Batting first, Hendred were bowled out for 202 in the OCA League as Jack Mulford hit 57 and Muhammad Adil took 5-42.
1038	Batting first, Horspath reached 201-7 thanks to Ned Murray (57) and Adam Krol (52), while James Gear was the pick of the bowlers with 4-41.
1039	Baxter is the perfect camper van, with plenty of space for a comfortable holiday yet easy to drive and nippy enough to explore the country lanes.
1040	Be able to derive approximate quantities and costs to determine the approximate value of building projects at varying pre-contract development design stages, and to understand the limitations on the accuracy that might be achieved.
1041	Bearing an intricate fabric structure, these straight-leg trousers feature elegant piping at the waist to stand in place of a belt for a clean, streamlined aesthetic.
1042	Bear this in mind when timing your decision to staircase.
1043	Beatty’s Battlecruiser Fleet at Rosyth was built around three squadrons of battlecruisers, fast and heavily-armed but less well protected than battleships.
1044	Beaumont Road in Swindon SN3 consists predominantly of semi-detached houses.
1045	Beautifully finishedWe purchased the shelving a month ago.
1046	Beautiful Transformations is a beauty salon providing various pampering services and beauty treatment.
1047	Be aware that the Mastercard and Visa logos will also be shown on credit cards, so make sure you are using the correct card, as withdrawing cash on a credit card will incur fees and interest charges.
1048	Because business should always be transparent and when you have a strong core, you’ll often be the last one standing.
1049	Because in most cases with those beautiful ballads there is no great necessity to create fantastic new melodies, since they had such a beautiful melody to begin with.
1050	Because of its isolated location, Low Peak is a haven for bird-watching and star-gazing.
1051	Because of the amount of pitting on the hull, the marine surveyor recommended four new 2.5kg anodes should be fitted.
1052	Bed and breakfast is available in Ancrum which is a short distance off route and also has a pub serving meals.
1053	Bed and Breakfasts in AB25 2ZD for 1 night from 30/05/2018 to 31/5/2018 within 25 miles, in an Average Nightly price range of £1 to £200.
1054	Bedroom 3 7' 10'' x 7' 0'' (2.39m x 2.13m) uPVC double glazed window to front aspect, radiator, power points, storage cupboard.
1055	Bedroom would comfortably sleep 3 ( 1 lovely king size bed and 1 single bed).
1056	Bedwell hall is a grade ii listed former country house that has been ly and sympathetically restored and converted into ten luxury apartments, all of which are different.
1057	Beefsteak Club Malbec 2016 Mendoza - Majestic WineIt appears that your browser has JavaScript disabled.
1058	'Bees in School project' register your interest with us.
1059	Before departing for your trip, you should research your chosen destination to find out if there are any common scams to avoid.
1060	Before even a spoon is licked, you’ll need an underlying reason to don your apron.
1061	Before her death she posted her obitutary to the New York Herald Tribune.
1062	Before I joined the Trust I worked for DHL as a Finance Manager and before that an Accountant for a manufacturing company so the Trust was the first time I’d worked for a Charity.
1063	Before joining the Spindogs family, Ruth worked in the further and higher education sector for nearly five years in digital marketing and communications.
1064	Before starting the process of standing for election you need to be confident that you meet all of the requirements.
1065	Before that I thought it was all lame, then this girl came out who was so rad and like me – I wanted to do what she did.
1066	Before the credit crunch, caution was thrown to the wind largely because bosses’ bonuses were a function of how much they could lend - and risk wasn't properly calculated.
1067	Before the DS marque struck out on its own, the DS3 was merely a big seller for a huge company.
1068	Before the match, Storm players gave blood at Manchester Plymouth Grove donor centre, where they met 12-year-old Charming Seyi-Abiodum.
1069	Before using a detergent, use an ice cube to loosen gum and other sticky stains, before picking it off.
1070	Before using any product, it’s essential that you ask your vet for advice.
1071	Before using RPE, exposure should be controlled by other measures (such as local exhaust ventilation), which are reasonably practicable.
1072	Before you can submit an application you need to register with us and validate your email address.
1073	Behind the Triumph Acclaim's rather humdrum three-box styling lies a highly significant car, but not necessarily for all the right reasons.
1074	Behind the V10 there is a seven-speed S tronic transmission with lightning-fast action, which the driver controls electrically – by wire.
1075	Behind those buildings on the left, many canal boats brought coal daily into Coventry.
1076	Be honest with yourself, and the interviewers, nobody expects you to know everything.
1077	Being able to play music with no effort.
1078	“Being able to share information means we can see what is coming in, where it is going, who is taking possession of it and we can target test or even pursue a non-analytical case.”
1079	Being a DAA member will allow Abbey Medical Practice to have a better understanding with other organisations and to advise and support patients to make a real difference to anyone affected by dementia.
1080	Being a Story Home, the accommodation and specification is carefully designed making them ideal living spaces which are versatile, practical and attractive.
1081	“Being a teenager is a tricky time and taking responsibility for the welfare of groups of teenagers is a big ask of any volunteer.
1082	Being aware of a negative stereotype is thought to make individuals more anxious, more self-conscious, and less able to suppress negative thoughts – outcomes that ultimately hamper their ability to perform the task at hand.
1083	Being fully aware of what we spend our money on can help gain more control over our finances, making saving easier.
1084	Being motivated to come to work and do a good job is as much about the environment you work in and who you work with, as it is about what you do.
1085	Being part of the University Music is the first step in improving your health and wellbeing.
1086	Be knowledgeable in UC work including online, CHIS and Confidential Units.
1087	Belinda joined the organisation at a time of great challenge and has taken it from there to the influential and well positioned charity that it is today.
1088	Beloved husband of Mary for 65 years, much loved father of 11…
1089	Below is a list of Exeter company legal advice, data protection advice and intellectual property advice Web sites and listings which have been compiled by our editorial team.
1090	Below is indicative pricing to act as a guide to the costs at Northgate House, Leeds.
1091	Below is the detail relating to the information that we gathered from stockslibrary.com website.
1092	Benefits in terms of competition and cheaper access to super-fast broadband should more than outweigh that.
1093	Ben focuses on providing career advice and coaching to students interested in pursuing a career in investment banking, capital markets, asset management and private wealth management.
1094	Ben Marston, director at Jestico + Whiles said: “Holbeck is one of the most exciting regeneration projects currently underway in the UK.
1095	Be passionate about what you are doing, enjoy it and have fun.
1096	Be resilient and be prepared to re-invent yourself.
1097	Bernard is a very popular leader and many of his attendees express that they only come for him and his sessions.
1098	Besides condition of marriage, the status of the individual was occasionally noted.
1099	Besides, it's not fair on the copyright holders and the people who are relying on royalties from their media to pay the bills.
1100	Bespoke, handwritten and finished wedding stationery - calligraphy and hand lettering - place settings, table plans, menus and signage.
1101	Bespoke joinery was designed and installed to maximise the benefits from the uneven levels and walls typical of period homes.
1102	Best magazine I've dealt with for advertising.
1103	Best setting is a small river with normal river level well below wellies depth, with easy access to at least three sites.
1104	Beth Stout, Chief Executive at Golddigger Trust said: “In 2017 we ran 35 sessions in schools.
1105	Between 1999 and 2003, a major restoration project by Mr & Mrs Mackay restored the grade II listed Kilworth House Hotel to its original beauty.
1106	Between Christmas, New Year’s Eve and Valentine’s Day, the UK racks up a whole lot of engagements in just a few shorts weeks of the year, kicking off wedding season in style!
1107	Between March and October you can visit over 200 gardens.
1108	Between them they bring a wealth of expertise and experience, and are well-placed to help develop and shape the future of our work in both planning and financial management.”
1109	Be we believe we have the largest drop shipping Ideas and products in the UK today.
1110	Bexhill-on-Sea lies to the west of Pevensey Bay about five miles from Hastings and between them both is St Leonard‘s.
1111	Bexley has missed out on a prestigious city-wide prize worth £1.35million after Waltham Forest and Brent were named London Boroughs of Culture for 2019 and 2022.
1112	Beyond them, so many others will miss his contribution to and enthusiasm for life in this town.
1113	Bibury is home to number of beautiful historical landmarks, including Bibury Court, a magnificent piece of Jacobean architecture which dates back to 1633.
1114	Bicycle geometry affects how a bike fits and rides.
1115	Big thanks to Nicola for going over anything we needed to know and taking so many things from us!
1116	Big Wave were asked to create a flyer and two banners for the event and were supplied with some imagery (including a picture of the torch), which the client had been supplied by the Olympic Committee.
1117	Biodiversity can be enhanced as part of development and regeneration projects.
1118	Birmingham boasts five Michelin-starred restaurants and a vibrant international food scene.
1119	Birmingham Reptiles & Pets is a pet shop selling a range of food, toys, bedding and other supplies for different types of pets.
1120	Bishop Pargeter served at Cotton College from 1959 to 1985 as a member of staff, Housemaster (1975 to 1984), Rector (1982 to 1985) and as parish priest for the local community (1984 to 1985).
1121	Bitcoin, meanwhile, has not enjoyed the same fortunes as the Dow and the sell off in cryptocurrencies continues for a second day.
1122	Black is elegant and chic, not to mention slimming, and with so many attractive, chic and classy black dresses out there, it’s silly to dismiss an otherwise flattering dress based on color alone.
1123	Blackledge’s key point seems to be that parliamentary statism pivots on the mistaken assumption that the capitalist state is class neutral and may just as plausibly be used for radical purposes as for any other.
1124	Blake became very expert at this and could make changes at speed.
1125	Blink, for example, is run by an app and sends notifications and video clips to your phone when it detects motion in your home.
1126	Blockchains could change this.
1127	Blog commenting is seen by many as a poor way of earning decent links as any links you put in your blog comments are likely to be nofollow and earn you no link juice as a result.
1128	"Blooberry have worked closely with us over the past few months to achieve the perfect solution for our company.
1129	Blue flowers will glow under moonlight, attracting moths.
1130	Blythe House will be sold in due course.
1131	B N Engineering provides a total manufacturing solution.
1132	Board of Directors for Luing Cattle Society.
1133	Boards can no longer be disposed of at municipal sites along with domestic waste, so if you do abandon them at your local waste centre, you will invariably be lumped with a hefty, one-off disposal charge.
1134	Body parts fed the Downs above the Nevill Estate and mixed with the chalk beneath De Montfort Road.
1135	Böhm never feels the need to do anything clever but just quietly sees to it that this superb orchestra plays at its best.
1136	Bolton Council’s Cabinet Member for Highways, Councillor David Chadwick, said: “Once this work is carried out, there should be noticeable improvements at these junctions for all users.
1137	Bond out from the common ground rail to a second solderable contact on the PCB.
1138	Bone sarcoma can affect any bone in the body but the most common area it affects is the legs.
1139	Book Dara O Briain - Presenter - JLAAfter more Stargazing, Meeting Stephen Hawking, In Case You Missed It and a road trip with Ed Byrne, the comedian/physicist presides over topical satire in Mock The Week and the return of Robot Wars.
1140	Book People currently accepts Visa Debit, Visa Credit and Mastercard payments online.
1141	Books at home service - Sunderland City Council We use cookies to help us improve the user experience.
1142	Books can be delivered to pigeonholes, left with Lodge staff or delivered directly to student rooms.
1143	Books can even be shared as videos.
1144	Books on Addiction You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server.
1145	Bootle's Billy Smith set for Ashes tour at 71!
1146	“Boots, the supermarkets, Superdrug etc will not close because they are not significantly reliant on NHS funding for their business model.
1147	Born and bred in Grantham, I enjoy family life, a variety of sports, the countryside and foreign travel.
1148	Borough and Rams combine to make it a league and cup doubleBacup Borough manager Brent Peters believes it has been an ‘unbelievable’ year in the Valley’s footballing fortunes.
1149	Borthwick Papers are obtainable for an annual subscription of £7 post free (price for personal subscribers).
1150	Boswell married his cousin, Margaret Montgomerie, in November 1769.
1151	Both Corsi’s catalogue and our modern database link to these images so the user can see in detail exactly what each stone looks like.
1152	Both effects could be highly desirable for preventing cardiovascular disease.
1153	Both have speed in their pedigree and Swiss Spirit, trained by John Gosden, was a Group 3 winner over five furlongs as well as finishing second in the Group 2 Temple Stakes and Group 2 King George Stakes.
1154	Both instructions require that you leave the place in which the gas was released.
1155	Both players turn up the heat well and it's easy to see why Russell's analysis of how roles and attitudes can reverse was so well received in the Eighties.
1156	Both the Bank of England and the Treasury have today set out reassurance about ensuring that banks will be able to continue to operate and the City of London will continue to retain its global position.
1157	Both the DfT and HAL advertised 14 potential new routes (see figure below).
1158	Both the U14A and U14C sides lost just the one fixture this season in an impressive run of results.
1159	Both towns are overflowing with picturesque landmarks like Beccles Bell Tower and Bungay Castle but can you always tell the towns apart?
1160	Both types of tanks provide secure, flexible storage and dispensing solutions.
1161	Both will benefit enormously from every penny we are able to raise through sponsorship and donations,”
1162	Both you and your employer need to agree to KIT days as there's no legal right to them.
1163	Bought from us less than one year ago the owners have totally transformed the place to provide a beautiful family home with period features combined with a host of 21st Century comforts.
1164	Bournemouth Train Station is served by a fast inter-city rail link from London Waterloo.
1165	Bowling lanes feature gutter barriers to assist younger children in knocking down their pins.
1166	Box window to front, carpet flooring and door to Kitchen.
1167	Boycott now for 3 years down the line.
1168	Boys and girls will be able to look out for the Tubby Phone, Noo-noo and the Sun Baby in a fun, bright and safe world which promises to capture their imaginations and encourages them to explore the world around them.
1169	Boy scouts, girl guides, women’s institutes and even schoolchildren were mobilised into action, doing their bit for the war effort.
1170	Bramble Cottage is situated in the grounds of a hotel in the stunningly beautiful hamlet of Port Appin.
1171	Bramfield Place in Plymouth PL6 consists predominantly of terraced houses.
1172	Brand New Fuso Canter 7C15 Duonic Tipper, 3 Years Unlimited Mileage Warranty, CD-Radio, Bluetooth, Drivers suspension seat, Dual passenger seat, Duonic 6 speed gear box, 150Bhp, 3.0ltr engine, Fruehauf Utilit…
1173	BRAND NEW Premium Quality International Student Edition (ISE).
1174	Brandon Tool Hire Andover hire the Reactec Havmeter, a device deigned to support contractors in Hampshire comply with hand arm vibration legislation.
1175	Branford Road is a road in North Norwich with a small number of businesses.
1176	Breakfast 8.30-9.30am bar snacks all day dinner 6.30-9.00pm.
1177	Breakfast and New Business Chat to kick start your day.
1178	Breaking news, live events, travel, weather and debate.
1179	Breathing feels extremely hard and your legs will start burning very quickly at this intensity.
1180	BRE has seen many architectural specifications that have stated ‘stainless’ with no other distinction.
1181	Breivik argues that he was just trying to draw attention to these aspects.
1182	Brenda and her ilk may well think otherwise but no broadcaster or newspaper can afford to shirk its public service remit at election time.
1183	Brendan Connolly’s cannon of a slapshot at 56:26, assisted by Darcy Murphy, got the Giants to within one of their opponents.
1184	Brent crude oil closed at US$55.62 per barrel on Friday.
1185	Brewing in the town dates back to 1811 and the Wychwood Brewery is sited in the Old Eagle Maltings, built more than 150 years ago when barley was malted for the towns brewery.
1186	Brian Smith, GGF Director of Home Improvement said; “It’s been a solid and active 12 months since the GGF Consumer Code was approved by Trading Standards but it is clearly been worthwhile.
1187	Brides haven’t always worn white for the marriage ceremony.
1188	Bright blue skies and a pitch in excellent condition greeted the Rose when they made the long trip north on Saturday for this East Superleague fixture.
1189	Brighten up a hallway floor with a mix of patterns.
1190	BrightPay does really save you money.
1191	Bring a GoPro and a selfie stick; holding a camera or phone steady is tricky with big gloves.
1192	Bring beauty to places that are overlooked, make culture something available to all, not just the elite who can afford to go to Cardiff’s opera house.
1193	Bringing products to the store and showing your work always works as we can decide then and there whether they will work or not.
1194	Brioni Maker, Eastern Improving Care Manager at charity Diabetes UK, said: “The number of people diagnosed with diabetes has risen by 54% in the last decade, so it’s no surprise that levels of prescribing have risen by almost the same level.
1195	Bristol is England's sixth most populous city with a GDP of approximately £9.44bn.
1196	BritainThinks used a mixed-method approach to address this research aim.
1197	British creative industries currently enjoy a global reputation for cutting-edge innovation and imagination.
1198	British Glass is a trade body that promotes the glass industry and glass products.
1199	British Lawnmower Museum - Attractions - Southport - Southport TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events, News, Offers and Jobs Vacancies for FREE?
1200	British Legion Club on Lurgan TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
1201	Broadband project gets EU green light -- but will businesses be left in the slow lane?
1202	Broadway United Reserves are Division Two champions following a 1-1 draw at TDMS Harvington, for whom Jack Philpott fired home the opener before a late goal from Dave Cole denied the home team promotion.
1203	Bronze framed roundel from Bounds Green station.
1204	Brownfield land suitable for housing has a vital role to play in meeting the country’s need for new homes while protecting the countryside, and for this reason the Government wants to maximise the number of new homes on suitable brownfield land.”
1205	Brown who left a wife and six children was a GAA official and was often the last person to leave the Bellaghy GAA club.
1206	Browse our current stock of Skoda cars in Evesham.
1207	BR totem signs were produced, but it appears that they were never installed.
1208	Bryan and Banya were causing Haringey problems, but the hosts were lacking some quality in the final third.
1209	BSc Geography develops a wide range of transferrable skills valued by employers in communication, problem solving, decision making, team work, and IT, as well as specialist skills in field and laboratory techniques.
1210	B. Tonra and T. Christiansen., (eds.), ‘Rethinking European Union Foreign Policy’.
1211	Buckinghamshire County Council Cabinet Member for Planning and Environment Warren Whyte said: “This is a great ‘no strings attached’ opportunity for our residents to be part of a simplified switching process combined with a very competitive deal.
1212	Building a home with SIPs requires precise measurements and small tolerances; there is little room for error in foundations, for example.
1213	Building a reputation – Because we’ll continue training you to a high standard and help you build your reputation with local people.
1214	Built in 2004, this temple’s a colourful, modern take on a Thai-Chinese temple.
1215	Bungalow for sale - * incentive - 2 Years ground rent paid for by vendor * A 2 bedroom modern bungalow situated in a cul-de-sac community for buyers over the age of 55 in a village location with regular buses into Bude and Okehampton.
1216	Burgess Hill had been confirmed as champions over the Easter weekend after a sensational season whilst Invicta have long known that they would be in the play offs for a fourth successive season and five in a row when they have been in Division One South.
1217	BURGLARIES in a New Zealand suburb have been reduced by 61% following a recently completed trial of the theft-deterrent product SelectaDNA.
1218	Burnt Oak Library is part of the Customer Service Centre and therefore does not have entry system technology during unstaffed opening hours.
1219	Burrington Combe - is the name of a small village and of the gorge that runs through the village and up towards the Mendip ridge near Beacon Batch.
1220	Burrow forms, growth rates and feeding rates of wood-boring Xylophagaidae bivalves revealed by micro-computed tomographyFrontiers in Marine Science10.
1221	Bursae are small, fluid-filled sacs that form in the joints.
1222	Bus 18 brings together the county’s major bus companies, Arriva, First and Transdev, the Association of Bus Operators in West Yorkshire (ABOWY) and the Combined Authority.
1223	Businesses buy from emails which reach them at “just the right time”
1224	BUSINESSES in the Cotswolds are being invited to take part in the Ultimate Dress Down Friday to win festival tickets.
1225	Businesses of all shapes and sizes to enter its 14 categories.
1226	Business Wales Skills Gateway – The Skills Gateway will help you identify training and development opportunities to upskill staff and support growth.
1227	Bus services operate from Hereford Bus Station (near the train station): no.
1228	But a certain sort of irreversible temporality returns anyway, acousmatically haunting the space from which it has been banished.
1229	!” but as Managing Director you have my personal word there are no hidden catches with MCET and no long term contract tie in.
1230	But, crucially, this was fully 0.36s slower than Air Force Blue and Stormy Antarctic had recorded at the same stage in the colts’ race, a move which probably did that pair no favours.
1231	But do you have problems staying in control of cashflow?
1232	But equally many of the women who were there were very welcoming to us.
1233	But first, it's back into Snowdonia for some more adventures.
1234	But following Jay’s recent album release – which appears to address rumours of cheating in a load of shock lyrics – now the US rapper has opened up about his marriage to Bey.
1235	But for the rest of us bargains are awesome.
1236	But forum users seem to be taking it in the morning.
1237	But from a devotional point of view, there are some pictures in the National Gallery that are still operating as devotional pictures – there’s one in particular that you’ve seen people in front of?
1238	But having now effectively set a timeframe for when the PS4 can relax with its pipe and slippers, we're now surely going to get even more intense scrutiny and questions from every journalist who has any time to talk to one of Sony's higher-ups.
1239	But having previously been knocked out in the qualifiers on four occasions Hicks is now determined to take the next step in Manila.
1240	But headteacher Tom Sherrington admitted that while the school is on the up, it is still adapting to tougher exams.
1241	But he managed to make it to a taxi without getting mugged.
1242	But he was great, he was a great character and he always surrounded himself with youngsters and always found talent and he always spoke highly of his musicians.
1243	But hey, this is the 21st Century where loyalty and people's livelihoods account for nothing and profit and shareholders are the be-all and end all.
1244	But I don't want to move back home: I've not lived there for 10 years, and my friends have all moved away as well.
1245	But if marrying a man she doesn’t love will end the feud between.
1246	But I have got my husband to cook now.
1247	But I have never lived on my own till now.
1248	But I must make clear that the bus gate is not enforced against these signs.
1249	But in the private sphere, and also, very importantly, in institutions which have for years played a very specific social role for specific groups of people, being discriminatory is essential.
1250	But it can be alarming for other drivers waiting to go round them when a vehicle careers across, not taking the expected route.
1251	But it is lots of fun.
1252	But it is only 25 years later, when the upwardly mobile Trenchards move into the fashionable new area of Belgravia, that the true repercussions of that moment will be felt.
1253	But it is what it is and you have to deal with it.
1254	But it’s all too easy to become discouraged by the scale of the task we face, and by the apathy that we so often encounter.
1255	But it's certainly not prominent yet.
1256	But it’s not the only bold move by the Daisies, as they look to highlight a crucial issue most of us will face at some point in our lives.
1257	But January comes in the middle of Cuba’s dry season, so it’s a great time to visit when you’re looking to both sunbathe and sightsee.
1258	But let’s concentrate on the weather and what football is trying to do about it to get games on.
1259	But most of us would choose the thing that looks like The Ship of Theseus.
1260	But Mr Evans and Ms James, who wanted Alfie to be flown to a Rome hospital, mounted a "one last chance" challenge on Wednesday.
1261	But, neither is anyone else.
1262	But not all repairs will need an appointment (work to the outside of your home, for example).
1263	“But of course the Act does not provide all the answers to Wales’ equine crisis.
1264	But only one stands out as an immediate success, and that one is National Parks Depot.
1265	But others regard these concerns as premature and worry less about artificial intelligence than about real stupidity.
1266	But people who come into contact with alcoholics such as clergy, medical staff, and police officers are being offered a unique insight at selected meetings.
1267	“But she has no idea what tennis is, really.
1268	But she spent the greater part of her career nursing seriously ill children.
1269	But should you need to buy a gift and are stuck for ideas, you can take advantage of their handy gift finder tool.
1270	But still, good for them, opening up something so original.
1271	But that doesn’t mean that if you’re not selling cosmetics or if your target audience is 34+ vlogs won’t work for you.
1272	“But the main thing is just to get more gigs and get out and about.
1273	But then again neither streaming-only service can really match up to what’s available on DVD or Blu-ray from LoveFilm still, and I can’t see that changing within the near future.
1274	But then our problems began.
1275	But the problem with an FAQ page is that it’s finite.
1276	But there is a much more profound, longer term impact of inequality.
1277	But the report notes “one should bear in mind that monitoring of abandoned wells does not take place in the UK and less visible pollutants such as methane leaks are unlikely to be reported.
1278	But there’s still so much more to do.
1279	BUT THERE WERE more media “innovations” to come from Palace, as Warnock gave his first press conference yesterday with the club circulating many of the pictures and quotes via something called Sportlobster.
1280	But these distinctions no longer apply across all models.
1281	But the way we’re extending our homes is becoming more adventurous than ever.
1282	But they all have one thing in common – their impressive locations.
1283	But they put me at ease and said they have 60 and 70 year-olds studying at the college.
1284	But things took a turn for the worse towards the end of the century.
1285	” button to determine whether or to what extent sitemap entries should be specified via the lastmod>, <priority> or <changefreq> attribute.
1286	But to their credit, the hosts produced a fine display of defending and forced several mistakes from the away side.
1287	But universities have an even more fundamental role, far beyond sparking young people’s appetites for science.
1288	But using it is awful, even if you want to only use email, users must open a web page of BT advertising before getting a connection.
1289	But we also can supply the grass on its own!
1290	But we are pretty smitten with the Mac Pro.
1291	But we can all play a part in making sure the chance of that happening are kept as close to zero as possible.
1292	But we can do more than just report the history of what has already happened.
1293	“But we had a long, hard chat during the week and, as usual with this group of players, they bounced back.
1294	But we will always try to accommodate last minute requests for rituals, so please do ask!
1295	But what a challenge!
1296	But what could the buried room with tiled mosaic floor actually be?
1297	But what did he mean?
1298	But what I want to talk to you in detail about is part of the act that you might not have focused on so far.
1299	But what makes it really stand out is the quality of the commentary and the selection of the material which includes not only the most important European judgements and decisions but also some of the leading cases from the US and European Member States.'
1300	But what’s great is that a lot has stayed the same.
1301	But what you do get is the benefit of accessing the money any time, and being to do whatever you like with it.
1302	But when we received our assignments, we reacted as every other DEA Agent would react; we were excited and aggressively accepted the challenge.
1303	But when you consider the gargantuan linguistic wave that has already rippled out from that tiny New York town, this impending musical seems like just another chapter in its story.
1304	But while online uptake in the UK seems low, the appetite for improved online services is high.
1305	But while the M3 and the M5 combine practicality with ferocious pace and power, the M6 is a coupe and comes far closer to matching the exotic supercars whose performance it echoes.
1306	But, why not listen to what some of our current volunteers have to say…
1307	But with a bit of cover and a jacket to keep warm there’s nothing stopping you enjoying bbq flavours all year round.
1308	But with Letchworth beginning to take shape not far down the road, it seemed a logical move.
1309	Buy car parts, batteries, oils and more from their online store now at reduced rates!
1310	Buy clothing for men and women, luggage and homeware at Orvis.
1311	Buyers have two terrific engines to pick from – one petrol and one diesel – plus a choice of front and all-wheel-drive transmissions.
1312	Buy Fitbit Alta HR Heart Rate and Fitness Tracker, Small Online at johnlewis.
1313	Buy from our memorial services online shop and select the cemetery you wish to use.
1314	Buy to let homes are among the 1.1 million properties at risk from bogus gas fitters carrying out shoddy repairs and maintenance work.
1315	Buy your own fleece fabric and cut your own liners to whatever shape and size you want.
1316	By April of 2011 we had just over £2m in endowment funds, and by 2016 that figure had risen to more than £5m in endowment funds.
1317	By “bearing” is meant greater stability than ordinary under sail – no ordinary recommendation to gentlemen not accustomed with being “afloat”.
1318	By becoming aware of these disciplines you’re more able to appreciate each function as well as the relationships and tensions between them.
1319	By choosing not to grain fill, the finish of our products may display small open knots and natural flaws in the wood.
1320	By comparison, the shortest Thrones book comes in at 704 pages.
1321	By connecting your AdMob to your AdWords account you can create mobile app install campaigns (explained later).
1322	By contrast, socially-conservative Labour supporters have a much more congenial task – “vice signalling”.
1323	By contrast, when you invest for growth, you’re usually hoping from long-term gains from a particular stock, rather than a regular income.
1324	By definition, a remortgage is based on having an existing mortgage and wishing to refinance whether this is to raise finances (against the property) or move home altogether.
1325	By early 2016 five million small businesses and ten million individuals will have access to their own digital tax account, and by the end of the next Parliament every individual and small business in the UK will have one.
1326	By entering your GCSEs, A Levels and UKCAT, this tool allows you to see if you are likely to be interviewed for our Medicine and Surgery programme.
1327	By following good management controls and conducting audit checks you can help us put a stop to MOT fraud.
1328	By helping other people I actually help myself – it gives me ideas and it motivates me to practice what I preach.
1329	By installing and using the Application, by clicking the accept button you acknowledge and agree that you have read and agree to be bound by these terms of use.
1330	“By introducing the Park and Ride at Elland Road, we have removed thousands of car journeys and made significant contribution to reducing costly congestion.
1331	By making small changes we can help disabled tenants live safely and independently without having to move.
1332	By mid-1943 the Stirling had been phased out of service with front line Bomber Command squadrons in favour of the more modern Lancaster and Halifax types.
1333	By placing your waste in these distinctive containers, you can rest assured that it will be stored safely prior to disposal.
1334	By-products of the lead smelting industry, notably silver, zinc, calamine, and lead oxides were to form the basis of the chemical industries which became more important later on as the lead industry slumped.
1335	By reserving a new home in the early stages of a development you may be able to select your own fixtures, appliances, flooring and paint.
1336	By reversing the base from rough to smooth, the distance over which steady-state is reached reveals important rheological information.
1337	By showing levels of active travel (walking, cycling, scootering or skating) to schools across Scotland, the Hands Up Scotland Survey data can be used to examine the health and lifestyle choices of pupils.
1338	By signing up to SHIFFT below, you are agreeing to receive text messages and emails from Wales Millennium Centre.
1339	By submitting your personal data, you're agreeing to the transfer, storing and processing.
1340	By teaching children, and adults, to build bug hotels and care for animal habitats, our Forest Rangers help the next generation take a step forward to understanding the importance of looking after our natural environment.
1341	By the early 14th century some light is thrown on the distribution of wealth in the town by taxation records.
1342	By the end of the session, he thought: ‘maybe’.
1343	By their very nature no two tiles will ever be the same, so you can expect variation within the tile itself and between tiles.
1344	By the new buildings after the great fire, people had acquired more just ideas of the requisites for safety against the spreading of fires, for conveniency and elegance both within and without doors.
1345	By then there was another major title on the scene, the Cambridge Daily News and its sister title, the Cambridge Weekly News.
1346	By the time the person reaches the later stages of dementia, they are likely to have significant memory loss and cognitive difficulties.
1347	By this, I mean that the focus of the work should have its origins in the patient’s childhood and be repeated in the present, so that the pattern makes sense of several different areas of the patient’s life and is emotionally meaningful.
1348	By using or submitting material to our Community you agree that you’ve read, understood, accepted, and agreed to abide by our terms.
1349	By working alongside fellow construction professionals within the organisation, BDO can advise at project feasibility stage on the best design options to ensure that capital allowances are maximised without detriment to a project's commercial viability.
1350	C4 CEO Andy Duncan told New Media Age: "I have to say that I find broadband and mobile much more interesting.
1351	Cabanon Venue trailer tent for sale.
1352	Cabinet received information relating to Item 27 – Industrial Estate and Item 28 – Information Technology Upgrade for Children's Social Care.
1353	Caerphilly - Grazing Land By using this site you agree to our use of cookies.
1354	Calculate your benefitsUse an independent benefits calculator to find out what benefits you could get and how your benefits will be affected if you start work.
1355	Call 999 or 112 straight away for medical help or ask a bystander to do it, so that you can start doing CPR sooner.
1356	Calls for Lincolnshire to get its own ambulance service after vote of no confidenceIt follows an admission from the firm responsible that they are 'letting patients down'
1357	Call today to arrange your free initial consultation and your free introductory session.
1358	Calluses or scars on the knuckles or hands from sticking fingers down the throat to induce vomiting.
1359	Cambridgeshire Highways depot open days proved to be a big success this year with the parishes and councillors of Cambridgeshire.
1360	Cambridge should require all businesses to have cycle parking for their workers.
1361	Cameron Clarke Leasing Limited has some fantastic contract hire and car leasing deals on all Jeep for both business and personal customers, choose one of the many special offers we currently have on our Jeep deals page.
1362	Camp by the side of YHA Lulworth Cove and enjoy the views across the fields which surround us.
1363	Can application fees be paid via the portal in the future the disconnect in having to pay the LPA is not as easy as it should/ could be.
1364	Candidates should also be able to demonstrate an understanding of the legislation and regulation of the processes the department is involvement with and the ability to co-ordinate projects and teams.
1365	Candidates who disclosed potential problems early on were thought by interviewers to have more integrity and strength of character and thus were not attempting to mislead them.
1366	Candidates will be expected to formulate a variety of problems as linear programmes.
1367	Can get quite busy too in the restaurant.
1368	Can I add home improvement costs to my mortgage?
1369	Can I change the details of my order?
1370	Can I heartily recommend their gourmet cheese melts on gluten free!
1371	Can I take my pet on holiday with me?
1372	Can I thank you again for your amazing technical support?
1373	Can I work while I am enrolled on the programme?
1374	Can poor diet lead to any diseases?
1375	Can raspberry cane blight be prevented?
1376	Canter, in his last year as a junior, admits he has been trying to learn from the 21-year-old, who has risen from outside the top 200 on the ATP World Tour to 68th in less than two years.
1377	Can the Minister not understand, further to the point made by the noble Lord, Lord Elton, that small businesses, especially if they are suppliers, are in fear of losing those they supply if they insist upon being paid on time?
1378	Can we meet in person?
1379	Can women's Lacrosse make it to Christmas unbeaten?
1380	Can you find them on other sites?
1381	Can you name these towns and villages pictured in the past?
1382	Can you put a meal out on your business expenses?
1383	Capacity pressures eased compared with the previous quarter, when the proportion of firms with spare operating capacity was the lowest in 29 years.
1384	Capitalism saw an enormous development of production that underpinned a fundamental transformation of society.
1385	Capone moved to the city from his native New York in 1920 and by eliminating his rivals established himself as America's most high profile mobster.
1386	Capturing moments – taking photos are a great way of noticing those precious moments as they pass by and allows you to be mindful of the small and important things in your life.
1387	Capturing quality data will allow you to gain a better understanding of your customers, which will lead to more effective marketing and ultimately, encourage more sales.
1388	Capturing the data in this manner allowed AHR to create a highly detailed as-built Building Information Model (BIM) of the property.
1389	Capturing the landscape-context of long-term records of tundra vegetat.
1390	Cara Delany shouldn’t have been surprised when Pepe Mastrangelo – world-renowned playboy –disappeared after their unforgettable nig.
1391	Cardiff University Ageing Science and Older People Network Focusing on the research of older people, the basic biology of ageing and diseases associated with later life, together with an exploration of their social, cultural and ethical implication.
1392	Career planning and development are thus also of concern to the Centre’s approach.
1393	Carentan House Cafe is offering Healthier Choices in its menu for its residents.
1394	Carers FIRST is a charity supporting adult and young Carers across the districts of South and North West Kent and Medway.
1395	Car Hire Egelsbach Airport: Sixt rent a carSixt uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service, to improve and evaluate the content of the website and to promote Sixt products.
1396	Car Hire in Minnesota - Sixt rent a carSixt uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service, to improve and evaluate the content of the website and to promote Sixt products.
1397	Car Hire in Orehova Vas - Sixt rent a carSixt uses cookies to provide you with the best possible service, to improve and evaluate the content of the website and to promote Sixt products.
1398	Car hire is not essential as local amenities are just a few minutes walk from the villa, supermarket, butcher, bars, restaurants, hair dresser.
1399	Carlo Schwarz, from the University of Warwick, added: “The unique historic period allows us to study the significance of international scientific cooperation.
1400	Carmel O’Dell added that “the choice is so limited at the moment with Tory and Labour both pro-Brexit, anything that challenges that monopoly is good”.
1401	Carmen 10K winner, Stephen Duncan, Omagh Harriers (centre), with runner-up, Keith Sheils, Foyle Valley (left), and third placed Gavin Corey, Sperrin Harriers (right).
1402	Caroline’s involvement in Flowers From the Farm prompted her to approach the Cathedral.
1403	Carolyn Morgan moderated a number of sessions at the Digital Innovators Summit in Berlin in March and discovered new ideas and innovation from around the world.
1404	Carpet Runners UK stock a wide range of hallway runners that will transform the most neglected of spaces.
1405	Carrington, who was first brought to the Racecourse by manager Andy Morrell in September 2013, was one of four players offered a contract by Sam Ricktts as the newly installed Dragons boss revealed his retained list.
1406	Cars are great for transporting people and shopping, but if you need to move a lot of big stuff, then you need to get a van.
1407	Cars great just in time for the good weather.
1408	Cars of this scarcity usually only change hand between the elite car collectors however Bonhmas did sell a Ferrari 250 GTO at a US auction in 2014 for £30 million.
1409	Case responsible Social Workers, Guardians, Independent Reviewing Officers and those with regulatory responsibility would also find this programme useful.
1410	Case studies about other lawyers in the same practice area will focus the mind.
1411	Cashback will not be paid on renewals.
1412	Cassius & Nurul are the best, always attentive and informative.
1413	Castleford were not quite so blatant as St Helens, who sported a commercial right across their buttocks.
1414	Castletown Heritage Society (CHS) has embarked on a major community project to investigate possible Viking and Norse heritage around Dunnet Bay on the north coast of Caithness.
1415	Catalpa bignonioides Location: Next to the Serpentine Gallery and alongside the Long Water.
1416	CCH said the programme has resulted in less anti-social-behaviour on its estates.
1417	CDP had taken him to Germany to meet a client and go on a factory visit.
1418	Celebrating this outstanding new acquisition of huge artistic, historical and cultural importance, which is of exceptional interest due to its close associations with Dieric Bouts.
1419	Cement backerboards are resistant to both mould and mildew and will not deteriate in water.
1420	CEO Marcus Coleman is not a great supporter of hierarchy and will engage staff at all levels of the organisation regardless of their ‘rank’.
1421	CEP grew out of some work we did to migrate our platform to a new “cloud” hosting provider.
1422	Ceramic hobs use radiant heat from under the glass of the hob.
1423	Certass reserves the right to refuse to accept complaints with another ADR provider’s involvement or complaints that are vexatious or trivial in nature.
1424	Chairman’s Reserve launches new search for best Mai Tai twistBartenders have a chance to win a trip to Saint Lucia in the Caribbean with the return of the Chairman’s…
1425	Chalkboard wedding menuLaid-back couples will love this simple chalk board menu idea - if you're having a relaxed wedding day, reflect this in the style of your menu.
1426	Chalk streams are a very rar and precious natural resource and as the UK has a very high proportion of them worldwide they need to be preserved.
1427	Chamber Orchestra, Early Modern Vocal Ensemble, Baroque Flute Ensemble, Early Strings, Harmonie Band, Sackbutts and Cornetts, and Continuo Club.
1428	Champion Yellow is an exclusive colour for the Suzuki Swift Sport.
1429	Chandler said: “I’m absolutely chuffed with my race on Sunday!
1430	Changes came when British Railways announced a modernisation programme; from January 1st 1959, steam was scrapped and replaced by Diesel Multiple Units.
1431	Changes due to take effect from Sunday, April 1, will operate from Tuesday, April 3 due to the Easter holiday.
1432	Change-Your-Mind Period" means the number of days you have to cancel your Agreement and/or return or swap your Equipment, which will be 14 days unless otherwise specified.
1433	Change your numbers, and if he still turns up or anything, contact the police.
1434	Chapman broke into all the locked bedrooms, causing damage to the house before pocketing the items and then leaving through the back door.
1435	Charity investors benefit from one important and unique advantage over other investors.
1436	Charles Dickens at 180, Galileo at 185? Did they sit down and compare squares and triangles and fill in missing numbers?
1437	Charlie performed his tests and we were then on to Darsham, Suffolk – after having a slice of locally produced fruit cake….
1438	Charlie works in PR and is a popular member of the team that he joined six months ago.
1439	Charlotte Adams (Née Nuttall) is the Research Manager for the BritGeothermal research partnership and is based in the Department of Earth Sciences at Durham University.
1440	Chartered Financial Planners is a trading name of PRM Wealth Management Ltd.
1441	Charter of Charles II appoints “John Warren as one of our Justices of our County of Chester and North Wales to be the first and present Recorder.”
1442	Check out HAPPA Warrior, a 14.3hh, Liver Chestnut, Arab gelding who was born in 1993.
1443	Check the box next to each list you want to leave.
1444	Check with Building Regulations to make sure that your boiler meets the minimum efficiency standards.
1445	Check your data for holes.
1446	Chelmsford Golf Club is in Widford Road, and council-owned Riverside Ice & Leisure Centre in Victoria Road has three swimming pools and an ice rink.
1447	Chelmsford started the second half positively and almost equalised in the 47th minute, but Sam Corcoran’s goal-bound effort was cleared off the line by McManus.
1448	Chemistry required plus one from Biology, Mathematics or Physics.
1449	Cheng Wei, Founder and CEO of DiDi, said, "We will empower our partners by providing collaboration aspects ranging from auto leasing and sales, auto finance, auto service, fleet operation to car-sharing solutions.
1450	Cheshire, who play their matches at Dishers Pool & Snooker Club in Crewe, now boast four players representing England and another playing for Wales.
1451	Chester has become a banking capital for the north of England and the city is a significant national heritage site.
1452	Chief Superintendent John McKenzie, Police Scotland Safer Communities, said: “As a nation of dog lovers, no-one wants to hear of an animal being injured, let alone a highly trained assistance dog which offers a lifeline to its owner.
1453	Child care is also an issue, but lessons could be fitted around the children.
1454	Children all over the world get to live without fear because of these games.”
1455	Children and Families Act came into force on 01 September 2014.
1456	Children and families living in extreme poverty.
1457	Children as young as 12 were among those banned, with 33 disqualifications issued in total during 2017 for those aged 13 and under.
1458	Children's Hospice Week: Mum praises CHAS who took care of everything while the family made precious memori.
1459	“Children’s services needs to remain in local authority control and children must be placed at the centre of the system with resource implications considered second.
1460	Children under six shouldn't have over-the-counter cough and cold remedies, including decongestants (medicines to clear a blocked nose), unless advised by a GP or pharmacist.
1461	Children who live with violence and abuse at home need space, time and support to make sense of their experience and to help them move on and recover.
1462	China’s cyber operations acknowledged in influential People’s Liberation Army publication: The acknowledgement is contained in the most-recent edition of the highly influential Science of Military Strategy report published by the PLA.
1463	China Summer Camp, Brockley Events - Brockley TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
1464	Chinese relative economic success is also quite hard to explain by this kind of argument.
1465	Chissano had categorically denied any business relationship with the younger of the brothers, loan shark Momade Assife Abdul Satar ("Nini").
1466	Chloe is an Accredited Registrant member of The National Counselling Society.
1467	Chocolate Passions provides professional chocolate fountain hire for all special occasions and functions.
1468	Choice of highland dress from full ceremonial to evening wear.
1469	Choose between a delicious cooked breakfast or tasty pancakes served with bacon and syrup – as well as toast, fruit juice and tea or coffee.
1470	Choose from categories including private dining rooms, cinemas and theatres, restaurants, nightclubs and more.
1471	Choose one of the log cabins or lodges in Staffordshire if you want to getaway and enjoy a relaxing break in the countryside.
1472	Choose the perfect belt and buckle from our extensive range to complement your semi-formal or casual kilt outfit.
1473	Choosing a dental professional is a long-term financial investment and worth the moment and loan.
1474	Choosing to describe it as a rook’s nest begs questions that were probably of no matter to a poet.
1475	Choosing ‘Yes’ means we can keep you informed from time to time about our campaigns and with ways for you to get involved.
1476	Chris said: “It was a superb ride, beautiful countryside and the best bit was stopping at the Somme war memorials and spotting a long-lost relative’s name who had fought and died there.
1477	Christmas lights switch-on and live music at Swanage Station.
1478	Christos Savva, LMB 2013-2017, research support, Structural Studies.
1479	Chronic inflammation stops your immune system in its tracks and can contribute to colds and flu.
1480	Churchill Retirement Living's regional managing director Alan Perry said: “We’re very much looking forward to getting started with the groundwork on our new site in Ashbourne.
1481	CIAT Ozonair, offers a wide range of products in the fields of air conditioning, heating, refrigeration and air handling and provides expert guidance in sustainable solutions for comfort, air quality and energy optimisation.
1482	"Cinderella will go to the ball."
1483	City centre car parks.
1484	City of London Police has a good understanding of the current demand for its services.
1485	†Civil Procedure (Amendment No. 4) Rules 2010 to move that the Rules laid before the House on 23 December 2010 be approved.
1486	C. Known variously as Phthisis, Consumption or TB it was usually fatal, with victims suffering severe coughing fits as their lungs slowly deteriorated.
1487	Clague Architects in Canterbury are putting together a team of cyclists to take part in the KM Big Bike Ride on Sunday, April 27. Chris Davison, 3D visualiser and head of IT for Clague.
1488	Claire has worked with some of the biggest artists in the world, including Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones, as well as being involved in high profile events such as Live 8 and Live Earth.
1489	Claire says: ‘Straight after I had met the director I called my mum.
1490	Claire Timbrell is a BA (Hons) Marketing graduate, now Founder and Director of The MacGuffin Project.
1491	"ClassDojo connects teachers, students and families to help them improve education in their communities, all around the world.
1492	Classic traditional radiant bar electric fire.
1493	Clause 13 of the Bye-Laws applies in relation to service of any documentation referred to in these Rules.
1494	Clean freaks will love this as it has built-in storage space for all those buckets and spades and other sand toys, which can then be covered up with a colourful wooden lid at the end of the day.
1495	Clearly, a lot could be done.
1496	Clearly he is far from being complacent about the scale of today’s environmental problems.
1497	Clearly it was nonsense for Google to claim that its search engine is in any way journalistic, though judicial confirmation that the company's operations are essentially "parasitic" is good to have.
1498	Clearly there are significant changes that have been made in order to speed up the application process by way of "quicker decision making, communications and greater guidance for dealing with incomplete applications."
1499	Clearly, where the trial does begin within six months of surrender, any potential difficulties are avoided.
1500	Clever thinking from scrum half Conor Smith saw him break through the Redditch defence.
1501	Click 'Edit details' to find your addresses under 'Communication preferences'.
1502	Click here to Book Your Bespoke Pig Roast Now!
1503	Click 'Like' if you love Russian Blues.
1504	Click on ‘Enter Event’ and then it will pop up a new window asking you if you wish to enter online or download a PDF entry form.
1505	Click on it to view the full size version.
1506	Click the "Didn’t receive the code?" link on the webpage where it asks you to enter your code.
1507	Click the link above to read our latest property market research.
1508	Clint Bank in Clint, Harrogate consists predominantly of detached houses.
1509	Clipped box also has lots of cuts for the fungus to enter, and the areas of damage will be very obvious.
1510	Cllr Angus Ross, executive member for environment, said: "This would make a fabulous summer holiday treat for all the family; educational, fun and outdoors.
1511	Cllr Tom Shaw, Portfolio Holder for Waste at Luton Borough Council said: “As the nights draw in and the weather gets colder, the need for fortnightly garden waste collections decreases.
1512	Cllr Whittaker added: “The council is fully engaged in the process of retendering Brunswick Wharf and will be appointing agents shortly to re-market the site.
1513	Closing the B8024 outside Tarbert because of flooding and four fallen trees.
1514	Clough & Willis operates out of two offices; in Bolton and Bury.
1515	Clubs which welcome non members are listed below.
1516	Clydesdale Bank Help CentreWhat is an Activation Code?
1517	CNWL is a large and diverse organisation, providing health care services for people with a wide range of physical and mental health needs.
1518	Coaches working at national or international competition level may be paid considerably more.
1519	“Coaching is definitely something I want to do once I retire from boxing, I’m young so thankfully that won’t be for a while yet!”
1520	Coastal facilities and harbour open as usual.
1521	Cohen – who has previously called himself Donald Trump’s ‘fixer guy’ – is also alleged to have brokered another pre-election sex scandal cover-up involving former model Karen McDougal over her alleged affair with Trump.
1522	Colin Grant, 48, came to the attention of Essex Police in May 2016 after the force received intelligence.
1523	Collages are an excellent way to fill a wet afternoon and use up the odds and ends in your craft.
1524	Collection/delivery of store purchases (IKEA, Argos, DIY, etc). eBay and Gumtree purchases.
1525	Collection of your recyclable waste, including your brown bin will not change - this will still be every fortnight.
1526	Collections are such a fun way to raise funds and awareness and sparing just a few hours of your time makes a big difference.
1527	Colorista includes a wide range of traditional colour correction tools, including three colour wheels – here called Lift, Gamma and Gain – which work in broadly the same way as the tools inside Final Cut and Avid systems.
1528	Colour options include: White, pale pink, cerise pink and red.
1529	Combined, these volumes challenge the conventional thinking that separates discussion of poverty found in the Global North from that prevalent in the Global South.
1530	Come along to one of our FREE events or open days to find out.
1531	Come and check out our freshest options that have just landed here at schuh.
1532	Come and see us at The Lodge as we may be able to arrange for temporary bike storage or a loan lock.
1533	Come and spend some time exploring Wigtown (Scotland s National Book Town) and this unique part of Scotland.
1534	Come and try us out for free!
1535	COMEDIAN David Baddiel, novelist Katie Fforde and former business minister Vince Cable will be among the guest speakers at this year’s Henley Literary Festival.
1536	Comedy Events in Huddersfield - Whats on - Huddersfield TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
1537	Come in and see us – we are located on Southbourne Grove, next to the Ludo Lounge.
1538	Come in and see us -we’re located in a beautiful Grade 2 listed building in Bishops Waltham, next to the local butchers on the main High Street.
1539	Comfortable,well appointed room (in the annexe).
1540	Comic's ticket to rideANYONE who has seen any of The Beatles films will instantly recognise Victor Spinetti's comical face.
1541	Commentary covering the UK Government ban of diesel and petrol cars from 2040, and PCPs - Bank of England and FCA probes.
1542	Commissioner kisses Met goodbye, says it's set to be 'best digital police force'
1543	Committee on Arms Export Controls.
1544	Common pregnant multivitamins contain a range of substances, among them minerals and vitamins such as iron, folic acid, vitamin D, calcium, vitamin C, vitamin E, in varying amounts, all of which have been touted as essential to a healthy pregnancy.
1545	Community and beyond are questioning the necessity and carbon footprint of the packaging that stores so much of the fresh produce we consume.
1546	Community organisations have come together with local residents, Metropolitan Housing Trust and the Lambeth Library Service to make this possible.
1547	“Compact but cosy, this boathouse is perfectly situated for a beachside holiday.
1548	Compact in size, but big on luxury.
1549	Compact, strong and perfect for small spaces.
1550	Companies affected by CBC reporting are also required to publish their tax strategy on line annually.
1551	Companies could do more for their disabled employees if they just sat down with them and asked what would make their working lives easier.
1552	Companies’ house usually sends the late filing penalties notice to the company registered office address.
1553	Companies that operate our IT systems and website.
1554	Companies will be incentivised to look for the most efficient option for dealing with bioresources.
1555	Compared to other leading social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter, the rate of user engagement is very high on Instagram.
1556	Compared to the other agents we used, we were very impressed with Connells, and Jack.
1557	Compare level term assurance products using comparison charts and possibly a life insurance broker.
1558	Compare that to the 176Nm of torque delivered by the 1.8-litre petrol unit and you'll see why it looks a better bet.
1559	Comparison of the E. coli H10407 plasmids with those from several ETEC strains revealed that the plasmids had a mosaic structure but that several loci were conserved among ETEC strains.
1560	Competing at this level also ensures that Connor is eligible for England selection for the 2018 season.
1561	Competition funding could help kickstart projects aimed at meeting the information needs of common good land users.
1562	Competition judge Roz Kidman Cox says ‘To make such a tragic scene almost majestic in its sculptural power deserves the highest award.
1563	Competitions like these allow students to show their imagination and get creative with their dishes.’
1564	Compiled by the Residential Landlords Association, the survey finds that 75 per cent support publicly naming bad landlords.
1565	Complained many times always told it was our fault eventually got to an agent who realised it wasn't our fault (a big deal with bt) and arranged a call back!
1566	Complete remedials to plant and equipment where required.
1567	Complete the online notification form below.
1568	Completion Notices apply to Council Tax and Business Rates.
1569	Complimentary Wi-Fi and broadband internet access.
1570	Components may include panic buttons (linked to switch board and/or police) and portable personal devices (linked to central system with location information).
1571	Comprehensive courses for ADIT are offered in Athens by Altium Training.
1572	Comprehensive data on riders and copies of personal letters are included.
1573	Compulsory Purchase and associated compensation claims.
1574	Concentrations are strictly controlled by product specification.
1575	Concentrations of chromite are found in the harzburgite and dunite and, to a small extent, in the pyroxene cumulate rocks.
1576	Concerns the physics, chemistry and flow of petroleum fluids within a reservoir.
1577	Concert Piano Hire in Slough - Mildren Pianos LtdThis website may use cookies.
1578	CONCLUSION: The rate of glove usage is lower than previously reported.
1579	Concrete garages are in the Liverpool, Warrington and Merseyside area.
1580	Condition of membership is valid insurance and evidence of a Safety Assessment.
1581	Conditions form the basis of a contract - if one of them fails or is broken, the contract is.
1582	Configuration templates can now take arguments.
1583	Connells were amazing!
1584	Consideration is also given to the effect upon necessary LGV journeys such as rubbish collection and home deliveries.
1585	Consideration needed to be given to developing concordats with key partners including NE Wales and that good connectivity would be essential.
1586	Consider getting your bike security marked so that police can check who it belongs to and return it, if it’s been stolen.
1587	Consider wearing them with a pair of designer jeans or chinos for a truly sharp look.
1588	Constructed from durable canvas, the Dawson backpack boasts a 13” laptop sleeve and two exterior pockets for easy organisation, while the striped lining and woven ID tab lend a signature finish.
1589	Construction of the 11 to 16- year-old phase of the Ebbw Fawr Learning Community at The Works has now started.
1590	Consult the Directors of Estate Management and Finance and the Taxation Section.
1591	Contact and Technical Data where you join our Site as a result of our marketing activities involving third parties.
1592	Contact details and licensing information for all TV broadcasters licensed by Ofcom.
1593	Contact details can be found on this page.
1594	Contacts for further information: Abi McLoughlin, Press officer.
1595	Contact the University of Westminster about international study.
1596	Contact us or visit our website for more information on the same.
1597	Contact with The Pensions Ombudsman about a complaint needs to be made within three years of when the event(s) you are complaining about happened – or, if later, within three years of when you first knew about it (or ought to have known about it).
1598	Contact your insurance company's emergency helpline and take advice on what you should do.
1599	Contained within the park is the beautiful Kyoto Garden; a Japanese garden donated by the Chamber of Commerce of Kyoto in 1991.
1600	Continued supply of affordable homes, particularly to those on the lowest incomes, is central to how housing policy can contribute more effectively in tackling poverty.
1601	Continue reading "Rush International Colour Director wins hair trend of the Year 2010"
1602	Continue to roundabout with B4066 where turn left at the first exit.
1603	Contract Heavy Duty by Ellis is designed to deal with copious amounts of moisture and excessive use.
1604	Contracts can be either written or spoken so you don't have to sign anything to enter into a legal agreement.
1605	Contrast textiles in springtime blooms and beautiful fresh with rustic wooden furniture and vintage tableware.
1606	Convenient location of workshop.
1607	Conversations with Keith Greene confirmed its competition life was a brief one due to teething problems and the weakness of the early suspension pick up points.
1608	Conversely, if everything is on site, then nothing can be done by anyone until it is fixed.
1609	Conversely, IT needs to be fully integrated into the culture and behaviour of the leadership of a business in order to be at its most effective.
1610	Converted to the ancillary fleet in February 1934.
1611	Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device.
1612	Cookies are used on this website to improve user experience and for essential functionality, they are not used for identification purposes.
1613	Cooking is an enjoyable pastime and our aids are designed with comfort and usability in mind to allow you to easily hold and control kitchen utensils.
1614	Cooking thermometers are left in the bird while it cooks.
1615	Cookstown Market & the Linen Green.
1616	Cool the parkin in the tin for 30 minutes, then turn out to cool.
1617	Copies and certifies your documents and ensures secure, swift and safe submission.
1618	Cops said the killing was about “petty crime”.
1619	Copyright:every representation, video tutorial, content or banner on web.
1620	Corby United held second-placed Yelvertoft to a 3-3 draw while third-placed Earls Barton Reserves also had to settle for a 1-1 draw against Heyford Reserves.
1621	Coringa Day Care Nursery is a day nursery providing care for children while their parents are not available.
1622	Correction to Appendix 1 of the report which stated within the budget timetable that the date of the Executive Board Meeting was 12 September 2018 instead of 11 September 2018.
1623	Corus said the development was because of the termination of a contract by four international slab buyers which had made the Redcar plant "unviable".
1624	Costa is flourishing once again at Athletico Madrid, showing Antonio Conte what he is missing and earning a recall to the Spanish squad in the process.
1625	Costing roughly the same as a Golf, it’s certainly not a budget option, but it does tend to be better equipped.
1626	Costs have yet to be determined.
1627	Costumed interpreters create an exciting experience, including samples of 19th century food and stories of working life in a large home.
1628	Coughs, colds and stomach bugs can hit us hard and often this means added pressure in our GP surgeries and emergency departments.
1629	Could Hackney Downs station could do with a revamp with new lifts or ramps to access the 4 platforms since London Overground took over the Lea Valley lines back in 2015.
1630	Could there be housing on Harpenden Common?
1631	Could you be a volunteer speaker?
1632	Could you spot the real thing from a scam?
1633	Could you take up a 'Special' police role?
1634	Council car parks nearby.
1635	Council has supported each of the volunteer events by providing litter pickers, plastic bags, hi-visibility vests and extra hands to tidy up our borough.
1636	Council leader Neil Bannister says: “I am pleased that a buyer has been found and the site is to be redeveloped.”
1637	Councillor Devenish also declared that in respect of item 2, he knew resident and former councillor Alastair Moss who had made a representation, however he had not been approached by him in respect of the application.
1638	Councillor Don Stockton, Cheshire East Council Cabinet member for environment, said: “This is fantastic news.
1639	Councillor Goldie moved refurbishment of Falkirk Stadium or Abbotsford be refused and the administration bring back a definitive report on the HQ issue at the August 14 meeting.
1640	Councillor Jarrett thanked Mr Billingham for his question.
1641	Councillor Mrs Cope declared a personal interest in application 17/00278/DEEM as she lived near to the site.
1642	Councillors are not being allowed to make the decisions that they were elected to make.
1643	Councillors who have been prevented from speaking on the very issues they had been elected on, such as planning matters, will now have the freedom to express their views.
1644	Councillors will not need to carry heavy, sometimes cumbersome reports to meeting with them and we hope that everyone will benefit from this change of practice.
1645	"Councils are staffed by numerous highly experienced and well qualified professionals who, we have frequently found, use their legal colleagues as a second opinion or even a third party to attribute unpopular decisions.
1646	Councils may also wish to include the results of other elections conducted in the area.
1647	Counselling is available to help discuss matters of adoption tracing and reunion.
1648	Counting on studying maths at uni?
1649	Countrystyle has renewed its support for another year with many plans in the diary for 2018.
1650	Couples can also marry in a handfasting ceremony which is legal in Scotland providing the celebrant is authorised by the Registrar General, but not in the rest of the UK.
1651	Course Administration at the top of the page.
1652	Course award, the learner must pass all the Units as well as the Course assessment.
1653	Coventry University understands that there may be times when variations to contractual hours of work would be helpful to employees.
1654	Coverage was consistently good all round London, although when not near a hotspot to automatically connect the smartphone app and mobile data is essential to find one.”
1655	Covered in a tasty, light puff pastry, there are plenty of fillings to choose from their black board covering the pub wall.
1656	CPAP and measures of cardiovascular risk in males with OSAS.
1657	Crafted from solid oak, the sideboard has a durable design and a classic quality that will look right at home in a traditional dining room.
1658	Crafts & Knitwear in South Ronaldsay, OrkneyThe Workshop is a craft producers' co-operative in the picturesque village of St Margaret's Hope.
1659	Cramer’s shower glass cleaner comes in an easy-to-use squirt bottle and cleans coated/uncoated glass surfaces, aluminium, stainless steel and acrylic.
1660	Craven is a small, rural area in North Yorkshire which is centred around the tiny market town of Skipton.
1661	CRB and insured company and individuals.
1662	Creating more pathways into employment for young black men.
1663	Creative Digital IT businesses are working in new ways, forming connections and relationships that are producing extraordinary economic growth.
1664	Credit card statement dated within last three months.
1665	Credit Checking, Fraud Prevention & Debt Collection Agencies who provide services on our behalf.
1666	Crisp and refreshing, this wine offers an abundance of grapefruit and lemon fruit flavours, delivered in a softer, more tropical fruit texture.
1667	CRISTIANO RONALDO; a signed replica Real Madrid football shirt.
1668	Crossing work starts in Hilltown.
1669	Cross London Road on to Lyon's Lane.
1670	Cross over the crossroads and in 80 metres go past the main entrance to the Brighton and Hove Albion football club, on your right-hand side.
1671	Crossrail has obtained planning consent from Westminster City Council for a major development at Paddington Triangle, designed by architects Grimshaw.
1672	Crown Princess is impressive featuring spacious interiors and a wide range of attractive public rooms and intimate places.
1673	"Crucially, the Government must honour its commitment within its early years workforce strategy by investing in the workforce and promoting early years as an attractive career option for all practitioners."
1674	Crucially, you’ll be empowered to operate as a freelance sound designer and develop the skills to confidently run your own business.
1675	Cruise Critic caught up with Lesley onboard and she gave us an exclusive interview -- naturally over a cup of tea.
1676	Cube bikes are designed in Germany, where the trekking bike is king.
1677	Current interests include material culture and materiality as well as social scientific approaches to the study of technology.
1678	Currently I am also a section editor for the Journal of Innovation in Health Informatics, and a member of the RCGP Research Awards and Research Paper of the Year panels.
1679	Currently, Ian is a non-executive director of At The Races satellite television channel and British Champions Series Ltd, in which The Jockey Club is the largest shareholder.
1680	Current research and findings do indicate that, like in other European countries, the UK’s bats are likely to be resistant.
1681	Customer care is available 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
1682	Customers are turning to the social media teams of internet providers for help with their broadband and answers to general enquiries, and yet it seems it's sometimes wiser to pick up the phone if you want a speedy response.
1683	Customer Service is 2nd to none, and have come away with a new car that i love, am comfortable driving, and meets our needs.
1684	Customers often get the choice to take a different type of phone package, such as Weekend and Evening calls included, for a higher monthly cost.
1685	Customers use us because we do eco-friendly rubbish disposal.
1686	Customers who see something purporting to be "personal accident insurance" expect it to provide a reasonably wide-ranging cover for a variety of accidents that might occur.
1687	Custom furniture to stand the test of time.
1688	Cut back on processed food and ready meals.
1689	Cutting edge: cure of colitis by CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells.
1690	Cut with a small round cutter.
1691	Cyber attackers and computer hackers are clever and are continuously finding new ways to out-smart their victims.
1692	Cycling is a great way to get around and get some exercise at the same time.
1693	Cyrenians offers short term supported housing for men aged 18-65.
1694	Dacia also rated highly on satisfaction, with the manufacturer achieving an overall score of 90%, comparable with premium brands such as Tesla, Porsche and Jaguar.
1695	Dalton Trumbo was the highest paid screenwriter in Hollywood.
1696	Dami joined Mentor in July 2017 as Fundraising Manager.
1697	Dances were held all over when proper dancing was the thing!
1698	Dan Gosling and Callum Wilson were both introduced for Emerson Hyndman and Lys Mousset.
1699	Daniel allows landlords to feel confident their property is in safe hands and will deliver the return they are looking for.
1700	Daniel Carpenter (96 not) and Wallis (75) began their response cautiously before accelerating the scoring after reaching their half-centuries.
1701	Danielle appeared on ITV’s Loose Women…
1702	Dann, of Ryemere Close, Eastwood, told the court she was driving home having just learned her partner was unfaithful.
1703	D’Annona Barbera d’Asti Superiore has a ripe, intense nose of cherry, baked earth, spice and savoury aromas, leads to a silky smooth palate of sour cherry, herbs, leather with some floral, violet notes.
1704	Darren Ryder is currently Head of Design and Service Delivery within TPR’s Automatic Enrolment team and will bring a wealth of experience to the new acting role.
1705	Data cabling installation CAT 5/6 and fibre solutions provided, New networks or additional outlets provided no job too small.
1706	Data importing and exporting Data export approach Nexmo as a CPaaS provider of communications services does not store client data.
1707	Data on the “substitution” side is generally balanced by informed conjecture on the “complementarity” side.
1708	Dating from 1372, Wick Farm lies in 37 acres of stunning countryside only 8 miles south of Bath.
1709	Datumline Surveys carry out accurate digital land surveys in Devon and Cornwall and measured building surveys in Devon and Cornwall.
1710	David Martin, chief executive of Arriva, said: “We understand that authorities are under pressure to deliver and the challenge that this presents given the current economic climate.
1711	David McRiner is a podiatry clinic offering diagnosis and treatment of various disorders relating to the feet, ankles, legs and lower back.
1712	Day 4 and 3 is that magic number!
1713	Day 5 embryo: same embryo on the fifth day of development, when it forms the 'blastocyst'.
1714	DC Thomson Shop: Arts & Crafts Medium Bag DC Thomson ShopJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
1715	DEADPOOL 2 villain Cable could be a very famous X-Men hero the future.
1716	Deaf people can call Manchester City Council using Web Access, an online sign language interpreting service, from their own home for free!
1717	Dearlove showed little emotion when he was cross-examined by Richard Wright QC, prosecuting, about that night.
1718	Debts only become a problem where they are substantial, and members of staff fail to take remedial action or where they are caused by compulsive behaviour, for example, excessive gambling.
1719	Decide whether you think the costs claimed are necessary and reasonable.
1720	Deciding whether or not the design of contracted airspace can be changed, in accordance with government, law and noise policy.
1721	Deep water, thick mud and steep inclines were dispatched without a moment’s notice, despite it wearing road tyres.
1722	Definitely the best lecturer/teacher I ever had by some distance.
1723	Degree Apprenticeships allow employees to undertake a recognised qualification alongside their work.
1724	Degree Congregations are held at the Senate House, also known as the Regent House, on various dates throughout the year.
1725	Deliberate breaches of this policy will be considered as gross misconduct and will render the employee liable to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.
1726	Delicious as a starter with toasted sourdough.
1727	Delicious cocktails are on the menu.
1728	“Delightful apartment at the water's edge”
1729	Delivered as a flat pack for easy storage, these UN3291-approved clinical waste containers come with a built in liner and Cullen Medical’s EasyCarry handle.
1730	Delivery is made within 14 working days of an order being made for prints.
1731	Delivery was on time and Frank and Tony delivered it to the upstairs room.
1732	Delivery will be monitored through a Results Based Accountability plan.
1733	Demonstrations by students in Egypt at the outbreak of the uprising were quickly joined by workers.
1734	Denmark Villas, HOVE - 2 Bedroom Flat - SequenceUpdate your browser to view this website correctly.
1735	Dennis has decided to go back to Vera, so he plans to spend one last night with Dagmar.
1736	Dental practice located in Bournemouth Kinson are looking for an Associate Dentist to manage a predominantly NHS patient list.
1737	Depending on the nature of your operation or examination, you may receive a general anaesthetic, in which case you will be fully asleep.
1738	Depending on the size and nature of the event, it may be necessary to build in areas to the site that are sterile - in other words, areas that the public should not gain general access.
1739	Depending on the uptake and effectiveness of these tools organisations may consider different structures, for example, moving from a functional to a network way of organising.
1740	Depending on your arrival time you may also be welcomed with a homemade cream tea.
1741	Depressingly, this was a commonly held view at the time.
1742	Derby also hosts a range of festivals all year round including two annual beer festivals and film festivals.
1743	'Derry Building Services is an extremely professional, enthusiastic company that has invested in apprentices and training.'
1744	Described in the 1840s by British settlers as a 'barren rock', this former colony is now the financial centre of the east.
1745	Describe the moment England won Rugby World Cup 2003.
1746	Describing the arrangements as "a multi-million-pound annual subsidy" ITV has called again for Virgin Media to pay carriage fees for its main channel.
1747	Description: This list is used share research news and events with the research community who work or are interested in social sciences and humanities HIV research.
1748	Descriptive and Historical Account of White Castle, in the parish of Llantillio Crossenny, in the county of Monmouthshire, by Sir Henry Mather Jackson.
1749	Designed, built and supported by HPE, the deployment will be spread across three sites at Edinburgh Parallel Computing Centre (EPCC) at the University of Edinburgh, the University of Bristol, and the University of Leicester.
1750	Designed by Arina Komarova, this egg shaped shower enclosures looks beautiful and has all the futuristic fittings.
1751	Designed by Arthur and Dwelly, and accommodating between six and seven hundred inmates, it was eventually completed in 1858 at a cost of £12,500.
1752	Designed by BBM Sustainable Design and built by Westridge Construction, the newly completed unit will provide much needed extra space for BD foods, who are already operating from other units in the area.
1753	Designed & Powered by AztecMedia.
1754	Designed to complement the 90mm shower waste traps within the Idealite shower trays.
1755	Designed to deliver individualised support across your pressure points through a sprung construction, pocket sprung mattresses are an affordable and comfortable option for those looking to enjoy a more tailored sleeping experience.
1756	Designed to keep you and your client’s data safe, an SSL certificate wraps up your website data securely giving you extra protection but how much will your website host charge you?
1757	Designers work closely with Content Designers thinking about how the words we write affect how easy the service is to use.
1758	Design ideas for a rustic kitchen pantry in Houston.
1759	Design of accounting procedures within finance team structure to ensure the appropriate financial data is captured and prepared to feed the new accounting treatment and financial reporting requirements.
1760	Desire to remain in the cycle?
1761	Despite all the work, there's still a significant percentage that won't see any improvement.
1762	Despite being labeled the shows ‘under dog’, Amelia finished the competition in a respectable 3rd place with her head held high and a prosperous career as a solo artist before her.
1763	Despite being largely road-bound this section of the path is enjoyable due to its attractive, elevated views along the narrowest section of the Menai Strait and proximity to the two bridges.
1764	Despite further difficulties caused by structural differences between the six independent copies of the monomer the resultant electron density map was of high quality and proved to be easily interpretable.
1765	Despite his grief, Patrick never lost sight of the importance of what and why he had been taught.
1766	Despite his success in European and World competitions, Olympic success eluded Mark.
1767	Despite their best efforts, the man died at the scene.
1768	Despite the new system Thetford Academy, Thetford Grammar, Iceni Academy, Wayland Academy, IES Breckland and Mildenhall College all saw increases in the percentage of students who achieved at least a level four in English and maths.
1769	Details of the projected outturn capital expenditure at June 2015 by service area was detailed in the report and explanations provided for capital projects with a projected variation of £0.100m or above over the life of the project.
1770	Details of the St. John's polling station.
1771	Det con Sam Petken, investigating officer from Essex Police’s Online Investigation Team, said: “This was clearly a very disturbing case and I am pleased he has been brought to justice for his reprehensible behaviour.
1772	Detective Inspector Craig Nicholson said: “Domestic abuse can impact upon any family and the effects can be devastating.
1773	Detective Sergeant Kayleigh Smith said: “Dilla not only burgled a home in his own street, he attempted to do it twice thinking that he wouldn’t be caught.
1774	Detective Sergeant Michael Duffield said: “Police received a report that a man, armed with a suspected handgun, entered the pharmacy at around 9pm, threatened staff members and demanded cash and drugs from them.
1775	Developed around Birkenhead Road and Shaws Drive, the name is from Old Norse and means sandhills, or the sand dune.
1776	Developed specifically for public libraries, provides your members with access to three sites in one — Junior, Student and Adult — with age-appropriate material available anywhere, at any time and on any device.
1777	Development consisting of the erection or construction of ‘click and collect’ facilities within the curtilage of an existing shop (limited to 1 per shop and 20sq.
1778	Devoted mother of Michael, Colin, John and the late Barry, loved grandmother of…
1779	• Diagnostic principles and logical problem-solving techniques.
1780	Did he – does he – mix with the creatives?
1781	Did I really want to spend my 26th birthday driving home for 5 and a half hours to an empty house?
1782	Didn’t the girls stand up for her?’
1783	Did the two trains per hour to London include Malvern?
1784	Did you know that the way in which you book your holiday can have a dramatic effect on whether you're protected if something goes wrong?
1785	Did you read another article and post on this one by mistake?
1786	Die Linke is a party that has come out in favour of a common government with the Social Democrats (Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands, SPD) and, finally, a party whose project comes down to a “return to the welfare state”.
1787	Differences between the sum of these two components and total changes in participation are predominately due to rounding in age-specific inactivity rates.
1788	Difficulties were experienced with viewing plans via computer including the scale perception of drawings.
1789	Digitally transforming Public Sector communication.
1790	Digital talking news for the Maidstone district is recorded locally.
1791	Dig over the ground first, removing weeds and large stones then mixing in lots of organic matter such as well-rotted farmyard manure, garden compost or soil improver.
1792	Dine at some of the best 5 star restaurants in Bangalore.
1793	Dine your way around the world in the on-site restaurants.
1794	Dinky Pics Photography specialises in Child/Family photography and Wedding Photography.
1795	Directional spots in or near the ceiling work well and you need to be planning where they go before you put all the cabling in.
1796	Director and his creative team have devised a fast-moving, cinematic world for this exhilarating story of denial and deceit, which also inspired a film by sings the enigmatic Marnie, and baritone is the man who pursues her—with disastrous results.
1797	Director of KLH Architects, Graham Lambert, said: “Our charity golf day has been a huge success over the years with multiple teams taking part to help raise money for worthwhile causes.
1798	Directors have a range of responsibilities in areas such as health and safety, tax and employment law.
1799	Direct-to-mobile train tickets that can be scanned at the ticket gates!
1800	Disabled customers wishing to be dropped off or picked up should use the main concert entrance and will be directed to the disabled parking areas.
1801	DisabledGo : : Warwickshire's service directory.
1802	Disabled people “constantly fear that they may become associated with those that they see as less employable and more dependent.
1803	Discover and Grow Marquee: This marquee is the hub of the Grow Your Own empire, with wonderful fruit and vegetable competitions, beautiful and enticing displays and an active and engaging Discover & Grow demo area.
1804	Discover why Leamington truly is home of the spa and select from one of the many salons in town.
1805	Discuss this in greater detail with your doctor.
1806	Dispensing a riptide of pugnacious anti-Americanism, Putin lamented that Soviet defeat in the Cold War had ushered in a ‘unipolar world’ with ‘one centre of authority, one centre of force, one centre of decision-making’.
1807	District commissioner Ian Cliffe discovered the theft of the structure, which was locked and securely mounted on a trailer, this morning (Monday) at the Holwell Pastures campsite.
1808	Dives sur mer, the village of William the Conqueror.
1809	Dividends represent the amount of profits remaining in the company once corporation tax has been accounted for (aka your “distributable reserves”).
1810	DJ with 20 years experience.
1811	Docklands under-16s beat Dartford Royals 5-2 at home thanks to an Alex Pelliccia hat-trick and goals from Conor Buxton and Josh Hyam.
1812	Does equity release have any enhancements if I have ill health?
1813	Does exactly what it’s supposed to do.
1814	Does he seem hell-bent on turning every simple request into a battle of wills?
1815	Doesn't always work out as we've seen but a one year rolling contract would make a lot more sense to me.
1816	Does the Minister accept that that is not really an explanation?
1817	Does the Minister recognise that recent events have coincided with the clamping down on and shrinking of the space for criticism of Israel and its human rights record?
1818	Does the world need higher rates?
1819	Dogs are welcome on these beaches from Autumn to Spring.
1820	Do I avoid telephone calls from unknown numbers and ignore letters from creditors?
1821	Do I have to pay for the collection of my return?
1822	Doing so can result in you being charged with fraud.
1823	Doing things randomly may make you easier to find than you expected!
1824	Do investors amplify or cushion corporate bond market sell-offs?
1825	Domestic demand will remain the key driver of growth, although at a slower pace than in 2012.
1826	Domestic examples are paint, engine oil, mayonnaise, shaving cream, shampoo, and talc; high-tech counterparts are found in laptop displays, sensors, and drug delivery systems.
1827	Donating bikes to these schemes diverts waste from landfill, generates income for the organisation and provides volunteer and training opportunities.
1828	Done as a series of different scenarios including camping and student housing, the film aims to make young people aware of the signs and symptoms of carbon monoxide and how they can protect themselves.
1829	Donna retired from professional athletics in 2009 but continued to run for Croydon Harriers.
1830	Do not be afraid to incorporate a variety of patterns.
1831	Do not feel you have to compete, just say “Maybe there is a different rule in Mum’s house”.
1832	Do not try Post office!
1833	Do not use contact details from the email.
1834	Don’t be just a bookkeeper, be an ICB Bookkeeper.
1835	Don’t forget on Sunday there will be the parades starting from 3pm.
1836	"DON'T GO back" to the terrible Tory years will be the theme of New Labour's election campaign.
1837	Don't keep raw potatoes in the fridge: storing raw potatoes in the fridge can increase overall acrylamide levels.
1838	Don't miss out on this fantastic house share, on offer is a large & spacious double bedroom including a private bathroom.
1839	Don't miss this unique opportunity to view fine and decorative arts from the internationally renowned Portland Collection in its historic setting at Welbeck Abbey.
1840	Door thresholds can also be raised.
1841	Dorchester City Club is looking for volunteers to start organising regular meetings again.
1842	Dorset County Council are paying grants of up to £5000 to support communities who want to set up a community transport scheme.
1843	Dorset County Council continues to work with all public sector bodies in Dorset to deliver a common vision and where feasible, to share assets.
1844	Do they feel as if there is a dialogue, behind the scenes, as it were, between their teacher and the teaching assistants with whom they work?
1845	Do they have any recommendations about what I can do to improve the event for next year?
1846	DOUBLE GARAGE: Up and over door to front, up and over door to rear garden, power and lighting.
1847	Double glazed window and electric wall mounted heater.
1848	Double glazed window to rear, door to side, tiled flooring, range of fitted wall and base units, space for white goods, stainless steel sink with drainer and mixer tap.
1849	Double Room, all bills are included with a bi-weekly cleanerNewly refurbished 4 bed terrace house with shared living room and conservatory.
1850	Double the size of the Housing Growth Partnership with Lloyds Banking Group to £220 million, to help providing additional finance for small builders.
1851	Download Error file - The error file is in comma separated values (CSV) format with the same structure as the initial enrolment file template.
1852	Do you ever think to yourself that getting online is way too complicated and time consuming?
1853	Do you find yourself silently grumbling every time your friends suggest going to the pub to watch England play?
1854	Do you have any more info at all?
1855	Do you have a signature dish or style?
1856	Do you need a Plumber in Dudley?
1857	Do you need standard or boilerplate text about the School, or to check how to refer to us?
1858	Do you need to consider either down rating or up rating the GVW of your vehicle to suit your requirements?
1859	Do you need to use this calculator?
1860	Do you panic when your phone isn't in your hand?
1861	Do you prefer the book or the film?
1862	Do you want to write a review of Wren Living in Solihull?
1863	Do you watch a TV?
1864	Dozens of police officers have descended on the scene and three ambulances.
1865	Drain the new potatoes and add a knob of butter, the sooner you add your butter the more flavour they will absorb!
1866	Drama in the dying seconds though when Scott Brown pounced to shoot home a winner and send his side into the playoffs on a high as they now meet Stirling Albion over two legs.
1867	Drama is taught as a timetabled lesson from Reception to Year 6. These lessons comprise exercises and workshops based on essential Dramatic devices.
1868	Draught-proofing windows and doors could save you £25 to £35 a year.
1869	Drawing Room with focal point fireplace with cast iron surround, decorative tiled inset, tiled hearth and wooden mantle.
1870	Dr Elizabeth Reilly, trainee representative, British Society for Rheumatology, interviews rheumatology trainees Dr Animesh Singh and Dr Sarah Hardcastle, and rheumatology consultant Dr Tim Jenkinson.
1871	Dr Emma Tiffin, GP and mental health lead, said: “Whatever the cause of stress in your life, it’s important that you tackle it and don’t leave it hoping that it’ll resolve itself.
1872	Dr Georgopoulos said: “It is fantastic that the Trust has engaged with our University.
1873	Dr Harriet Rosenthal (2006-2007): Paid research fellow working on 1 year externally funded ESRC grant.
1874	Drivers are being urged to avoid the area after a serious crash near Higham Ferrers.
1875	Driving on snowy or icy roads is rarely an enjoyable experience but using snow chains on your Sixt car rental's wheels can make your drive safer and more stable, as well as eliminating the anxiety of driving in wintry conditions.
1876	Dr. John M Andresen has established an international research reputation developing novel solutions to meet the worldwide strive for cost-effective and environmentally-friendly solutions to water engineering.
1877	Dr Panos Vlachopoulos studied Philosophy and Pedagogy at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki Greece, followed by an M,Ed in E-learning from the University of Manchester and a PhD in Education (Online Pedagogy) from the University of Aberdeen.
1878	Dr Sleight sits on the editorial board of Anthem Press for the ‘Studies in Australian History’ series and in 2015 chaired the adjudication panel of the Fass-Sandin Prize for best international article on the history of childhood and youth.
1879	Dr Tapas Sen has written an article for The Conversation entitled ‘Meet the nanomachines that could drive a medical revolution’
1880	Dr. Wolfgang Ullrich (Head of Audi Motorsport): "In the first two hours we were absolutely part of the action at the front.
1881	Dry eyes is another condition best referred to the GP with appropriate advice so that lubricant drops can be put on prescription.
1882	Dry skin peels away your tan layer by layer, so the healthier your skin, the longer you keep a tan.
1883	Dual aspect room affording stunning sea views across Torbay towards Brixham.
1884	Dual aspect UPVC double glazed windows, picture rail, double radiator.
1885	Due process can get in the way of an adequate response to genocide.
1886	Due to his good teaching I passed with only 4 minors on my second test.
1887	"Due to it’s location, the collision caused substantial disruption to traffic heading towards the M25.
1888	Due to the amount of rain in the past weeks the tracks were very muddy also.
1889	Due to the changing tax environment they had decided to make all future buy to let purchases via a limited company and have recently set up a Special Purpose Vehicle with themselves and their children as the four directors.
1890	Due to their popularity among visitors the colourful bird remains in the name of the park, despite the park now containing more than 140 other species.
1891	Due to the ongoing success and popularity, the club now attracts players from outside the area and goes from strength to strength.
1892	Dundee has always been a hard-working city, and the University is equally happy to roll up its sleeves and get busy.
1893	Durable porcelain tiles for any living space with a glorious coordinating wave décor for wall use.
1894	Durable, secure and available in a wide range of styles.
1895	During a deep contractors excavation at the junction of Bench Street and Townwall Street a short section of the massive timber box which would have formed the Roman wall was revealed.
1896	During our particular cruise they had two celebrity chefs who did a number of demonstrations and meet/greet.
1897	During our stay we experienced Storm Emma and the 'beast from the east', but this only added to the magic of Corner House!
1898	During our visits to the clinics and community services, we observed that most staff did not comply with best practice regarding infection prevention and control policies.
1899	During that time Library staff will have no access to email or telephone, but will respond to any messages as soon as possible once power has been restored to the building!
1900	During their captivity the kidnappers made threats, through a video and by direct contact with Chris’s family, that they intended to kill Chris and Franco, but at no time during their captivity did the kidnappers make any coherent demands.
1901	During the passage of the Bill, no coherent explanation has been offered for why it is necessary to link employee ownership to people losing the fundamental rights at work that we all enjoy.
1902	During the Phoenician era, between 3000 BC – 200 AD, the main flag was the blue-red bicolour flag.
1903	During the warmer interglacial periods, drainage was underground, creating the caves and leaving the gorge dry.
1904	During this time, Darron’s photography business was flourishing and photographers wanted to know the ‘secret of his success’.
1905	During this work the station was closed for one week at the end of February 1959, and it reopened on 1 March.
1906	During your first appointment the counsellor will establish what help you need, and arrange further contact if needed.
1907	Duty to form an alliance between two powerful clans binds Vidar to Gwendolyn, but desire tempts him to distraction.
1908	Duvets, bed linen towels and t-towels are all provided.
1909	Dyfed-Powys Police treats those it serves and its staff with fairness and respect, and sets a clear expectation that its workforce will behave ethically and lawfully.
1910	Each cake is made specifically for you and either decorated or hand carved to your requirements.
1911	Each can be mounted with one 15cm x 5cm brass plaque with a short inscription.
1912	Each hub will have a lead judge with financial remedy expertise and there will be a national lead judge and deputy (Mr Justice Mostyn and HHJ Hess have agreed to fill these positions).
1913	“Each individual investor’s set of circumstances is different and the implications of the new rules will vary.
1914	Each new version comes to dominate the picture, then slowly fade away.
1915	Each of the EOS 6D Mark II's 45 AF points is cross type in nature, for extra sensitivity and accuracy.
1916	Each of them may hold different data, for different reasons.
1917	Each of these has been easy to follow, realistic, with easily obtainable ingredients and most importantly delicious.
1918	Each of these is more than a watch: it’s an heirloom and a trophy that testifies to a man’s good taste and prosperity.
1919	Each of those suburbs, as well as Myton, also had two tithingmen, and Coten End had one.
1920	Each one of the 50 cars will be setup by an AR Motorsport race technician, ensuring that the investment in performance parts for each vehicle is transformed into a more capable and exhilarating car both on road and track.
1921	Each partner’s profits between £8,424 and £46,350 are subject to Class 4 contributions at a rate of 9%.
1922	Each pet is housed in its own hutch for the duration of their stay and will be offered daily access to an outdoor run (weather permitting).
1923	Each postcard has a quotation from Lewis Carroll's classic text on the reverse, setting it in the context of the original stories.
1924	Each pound you spend equates to 1 Loyalty Point.
1925	Each resident has a lockable room and will share bathroom, toilet and communal kitchen and lounge.
1926	Each school is required by law to have an anti-bullying policy, which aims to reduce and prevent bullying and create a no-tolerance ethos.
1927	Each session is £13.50 per child, or book in advance for £10.00.
1928	Each year, a staff of 56 clear more than 65,000 ads for broadcast.
1929	Each year just several thousand dog owners receive fixed penalty notices of anywhere between £50 and £80 and while most cough up, there are some who refuse and are taken to court, where their names are then put into the public domain.
1930	Each year The National Archives hosts Catalogue Day.
1931	Early enquiries are encouraged not to miss out on this excellent and rare opportunity!
1932	Early implementer funding will help.
1933	Early Kellisons were sold as barchetta or coupe fibreglass bodies only and designed to be mounted.
1934	Early settlement and land use in the area is suggested by antiquarian records of a number of possible earlier prehistoric burial mounds (now unlocated) and the later prehistoric Pen-y-gaer hillfort on a hill spur to the east of Garth.
1935	Early term to describe broadly the term mentally ill used today.
1936	Early this morning you arrive in the charming wine village of Bernkastel on the Moselle River.
1937	Earthworms are the world's unsung heroes.
1938	Easily adjusted for any pump length.
1939	Easter is for happiness, family, sharing and chocolate.
1940	East Riding of Yorkshire Council and Safer Roads Humber will now use the video outputs from the study in educational and outreach behaviour change activities.
1941	Easy and fast process, with regular updates.
1942	Easy to erect in a choice of heights.
1943	EAT would seem to be a vehicle for targeted marketing for some?
1944	E-bikes have been greeted with enthusiasm by all types of riders, from hobbyist novices to dedicated commuters who want to arrive at the office without being soaked in perspiration.
1945	EBLEX have been organising grazing events that have looked at the benefit of reseeding in terms of improved animal performance and forage yield.
1946	Eddie said: “It is a beautiful, traditional pub and they want to replace it with a horrible, cold building.
1947	Edgware Gymnasium - Sport, Leisure & Activities - Businesses & ShopsDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
1948	Edit: If anyone is familiar with the Ashley Walk northern arrow they will recognise these (see attachment), taken from a Streetview screen grab dated 2009 according to GE.
1949	Edmund, meanwhile, is a classic example of the Machiavel, a character named after the Florentine statesman (1469–1527).
1950	Ed's Easy Diner is a 1950s American style diner serving a range of burgers, hot dogs, fries, milkshakes and various other American classics.
1951	Ed started his career at the Horticultural Development Council where he created and managed the first Specific Off-Label Approval (SOLA) programme which preserved many minor use approvals for UK growers.
1952	Education classes were organised.
1953	Effective auditors must be independent from the function or department being audited in order to ensure that the audit is conducted in a non-partisan manner.
1954	Effective communications are essential for the smooth and successful running of an event.
1955	Effective spreadsheet management - Mazars - United Kingdom We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites.
1956	Efficient diesel engine with plenty of torque.
1957	Efficient & helpful, with prompt provision of final report.
1958	Effortlessly elegant, they’re practical too, showing when you need to re-stock.
1959	E-Firstly you need to decide what type of safe do you need?
1960	Eight out of the 10 areas in England with the lowest take up rates are in the capital with Newham, 37pc, Westminster, 37pc, and Southwark, 38pc, joining Tower Hamlets at the bottom of the table.
1961	Eight studio albums, over twenty singles and Eps, a constellation of compilations, covers by other bands and songs on film soundtracks have put Buzzcocks among the echelons of British recording artists.
1962	Eight transport helicopters settle in the sand a couple of miles away.
1963	Either way, using the correct technique will help you remove the excess food particles and plaque build-up between your teeth and help improve your oral health.
1964	Elected at the 2007 AGM, we welcomed Jane Chisholm and Alison Jolley to the committee, and also Ellen Bazeley-White, Archives Manager at BAS.
1965	Electric heating, parking on street with residents parking, Small rear patio area.
1966	Electric rear windows, ABS+EBA, Smartphone cradle, Cruise control + speed limiter, Trip computer, Electric adjustable heated door mirrors, Fingertip controls for audio system, Body colour door handles, LED daytime running lights.
1967	Electroencephalogram (EEG) A test to record the electrical activity of the brain – used for diagnosis and monitoring of certain conditions that affect the brain.
1968	Elegant and Classical Apartment next to the Eiffel Tower/Ch.
1969	Elegant gold toned lines with enamel sage green dots thread through the ear lobes for a modern look.
1970	Elena Moore, an Early Years Speech and Language Therapist working in Central London, travelled to the USA to investigate a family-centred service delivery model and to.
1971	Eleven whale teeth on a cord of plaited coir and barkcloth.
1972	Elizabethan-Way-Renfrew Our website uses cookies to provide you with a better service.
1973	Elm Court in Starcross, Exeter consists mainly of terraced houses and semi-detached houses.
1974	Elvis only ever played five concerts outside of America, and they were on a 3 day tour in Canada in 1957.
1975	Elvis On Tour: The Exhibition at The O2 Review - The King Is Back!
1976	Email 'Introducing The Hub Conference'
1977	Email us using the subject line 'Science Capital Teaching Approach – Request for hard copies'.
1978	Emiratis take their coffee, or qahwa, strong, and spiced with cardamom, saffron or cinnamon.
1979	Emma has debuted red shades across the colour spectrum, from strawberry blondes to dark red and almost-brown shades.
1980	"Emma loves it in Bury.
1981	Emmanuel was established in 1986.
1982	Emotional support is crucial especially when dealing with clients, who could be “weird and wonderful,” she said.
1983	Employability: a review of the literature 2012-2016Considers how the subject of employability has been addressed in research during the period 2012-2016.
1984	Employers are responsible for the health and safety of their employees and by law have a duty to do everything they can to protect their workers and ensure they remain safe at work.
1985	Employers should conduct an assessment of first aid needs for their particular risks and circumstances in the workplace.
1986	Employers will look for good organisation and communication skills as well as attention to detail.
1987	Employment specialists provide employment services less than 60% of the time.
1988	Emptied the dishwasher every morning for a week?
1989	Enable multi-factor authentication (also known as two-step or two-factor authentication) on your email and social media accounts.
1990	Encourage the use of 101 should members of the public notice people acting suspiciously around vehicles.
1991	Encouraging audiences to share data is nothing new.
1992	ENDED: IoT & Hardware Workshop - The LandingFind out about office space and co-working for high-growth technology businesses.
1993	End of the school holidays can't come soon enough, says Anna BurnsideRAIN or shine, the school holidays relentlessly march on, exhausting parents and eating through their wallets.
1994	Energy bills are also affected because heating water makes up around 30 per cent of the average household’s energy bill.
1995	Energy UK welcomes the opportunity to respond to the National Grid System Needs and Product Strategy (SNAPS) consultation.
1996	Enforcement of dog fouling is usually by means of a fixed penalty notice.
1997	Engage the audience with the story as it is created.
1998	Engineer Apprenticeship, Newquay Cornwall Having people with the right skills is key to the success of our business and to ensure this we are, once again, looking to recruit Apprentices for the award-winning EDEN scheme.
1999	Engineers from GSK Ulverston supported young disabled people by volunteering to help a charity spruce up its building and garden.
2000	England will use a pink ball for day-night Test with West Indies for first time - how does it differ to the traditional red one used since 1877?
2001	Enhance the effect by tying a hanging egg decoration to the back of each chair with a name label attached, and add a couple of other tiny eggs beside the placemats, or in a bowl, for each guest.
2002	Enjoy a few hours each day working in the fresh air - weeding, tidying and clearing.
2003	Enjoy a short waterside walk along this pretty reservoir in Whaley Bridge.
2004	Enjoy a wide range of leisure facilities at The Norfolk Royale Hotel including indoor pool, spa bath, sauna, steam room and more.
2005	Enjoying nature and fresh air obviously boosts willpower!
2006	Enjoy rugby and want to get involved as a career?
2007	Enjoy the forest and be part of the Forestry Commission's ever growing team of volunteers.
2008	Enjoy the fresh air with an elegant tea set for the perfect brew.
2009	Enjoy your time!
2010	Enniskillen’s overall water usage of 2,516m had a cost of £4,427.
2011	Enquire today to find out more about the treatments available.
2012	En-suite shower room with sky-light, quadrant shower, WC and wash basin.
2013	Ensure on time delivery of new products; together with collaborating with Design and Development to establish robust, efficient and sustainable processes.
2014	Ensure that a director-level member of the local authority has overall responsibility for deafblind services.
2015	Ensure that the regulatory regime covering biological agents is in line with over-arching government policies.
2016	Ensure training and competency of all involved.
2017	Entered via gated access split into two blocks.
2018	'Entering into the British establishment, to choose a British designer was expected, but with so many great talents to choose from the questions has been who rather than British or not,' said the BFC's Caroline Rush.
2019	Enterprise in Inverness has a wide selection of vans at competitive rates, with the features and options that make them safe and easy to drive.
2020	Entertainment includes a guest speaker and exhibition.
2021	Enter your enquiry or question.
2022	Enter your username (in lowercase letters) and click the ‘Send password email’ button.
2023	Entirely in her own time, Maggy stripped the garden right back and, with some help from the students, has created a space that staff, students and visitors can enjoy for years to come.
2024	Entourage is a venue for teens 13 to 17, and it has air hockey, video games, plush couches and flat-screen TVs.
2025	Entrepreneurs have graduated from the most successful Strive start-up business training programme so far in Wokingham.
2026	Entry into the promotion will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2027	Entry is free and complimentary refreshments will be served.
2028	Environmental consultants warn this could open the floodgates for Contaminated Land Liabilities to be passed on to current and future land owners.
2029	ES/FS1(formerly IR56), which is designed to help employees and the self-employed determine employment status, HMRC states that it considers case law to be the principles guiding employment status.
2030	‘Essential bridge repairs’ will close Upper Bray Road on Sunday.
2031	Essentials of Forensic Science: Practical This practical class will familiarise you techniques such as body fluid presumptive testing, document examination, footwear impressions, and various microscopy techniques.
2032	ESS focuses on improving India’s food production, a £340m EU Innovation programme involving Cambridge aims to put Europe at the centre of a global revolution in food innovation and production.
2033	Established in 1922, from humble beginnings in the city of London, Bonart Ltd boasts over 90 years of town and country clothing and an international reputation that's founded on exceptional service, and a passion for quality.
2034	Established in 2005 the company has grown organically via word of mouth and our huge amount of online recommendations.
2035	Etherow Stone are natural stone suppliers in North London.
2036	Euan, 28, a sports journalist with the Press Association, said: "We booked our day in 2016 so were shocked when we discovered they had picked the same date late last year.
2037	Eunice, Huntingdon have completed a Division Four and PFA Minor Cup double.
2038	Euphotic depth-integrated plankton community respiration increased five-fold (from 22 ± 4 mmol O on 4th April to 119 ± 4 mmol O on 15th April) at the same time as gross primary production also increased five-fold, (from 114 ± 5 to 613 ± 28 mmol C m).
2039	Europa Way – Olympus Avenue to Shires Retail Park roundabout 4 way signal controlled access junction with Olympus Avenue and Europa Way and dualling approximately 450m of Europa Way.
2040	Europcar is looking forward to serving you at its car hire station: Romford.
2041	European's biggest wine festival has exported itself from France for a visit to the banks of the River Mersey.
2042	Evaluate what you have; Decide what you want; Put your plan into action.
2043	Evans started his career on Lloyds TSB's IT Specialist graduate training scheme before spending three years as a Pan-European investment manager and technology analyst at Hill Samuel Asset Management.
2044	Even 30% better than an appliance with top energy efficiency.
2045	Even after a cold, wet and long winter which has resulted in thinner, less leafy crops this does not necessarily mean the foliar disease threat is reduced.
2046	Even a lay person can see that 12-months seems a very short time to carry out the comprehensive work from total scratch.
2047	Even being presented in its original format with black bars each side of the screen doesn’t detract from a highly enjoyable series.
2048	Even during autumn, Destin is anything but sleepy.
2049	Even if in Sarll’s case it came too early in light of the plans and project he’s been working so hard to achieve over the last two years.
2050	Even if you are honest in your dealings, if your property represents a benefit from someone else’s crime, we must still make a report.
2051	Even in authoritarian regimes, people and organisations adapt rather than succumb to excessive regulation.
2052	Even people who have never been anywhere near Scotland will have formed impressions of the city based on a range of sometimes clichéd but usually attractive and positive images.
2053	Even so, it’s a confused package.
2054	Even the most anti-Stalinist and anti-militarist of them do not find it easy.
2055	Even the smallest of back gardens is probably large enough to house a trio of birds such as the Rosecomb, Sebright or Serama bantams; generally though, the smaller the garden, the more imaginative you will need to be as regards space and accommodation.
2056	Even though Outline has many convincing aspects, the program only catches the interest of Apple users.
2057	"Even though there is no official investigation into bullying, I think he is losing the support of the chamber.
2058	EventScotland is working to make Scotland the perfect stage for events.
2059	“Eventually I decided to strike out on my own and got some key contracts like servicing a large group of Sony centres doing their installs.
2060	Even worse yet, some school books were so visually boring that would make me start seeing double after the first page.
2061	Even your most loyal customers don’t want to hear from you 5 times a day!
2062	Ever wondered how our commute will look in the future?
2063	Everybody at CAE wishes you a wonderful year ahead and we look forward to welcoming many more happy students on our English courses in 2018.
2064	Every car showcases the best of Jaguar with stunning performance, unsurpassed luxury and cutting‑edge technology.
2065	Every case is different but as a guide, smile makeovers can take as little as two to three appointments close to Leaves Green over a two week period.
2066	Everyday Extra account holders can also opt into Everyday Rewards and could receive up to £5.50 per month into their account or to one of five nominated charity partners from their everyday banking arrangements.
2067	Every few months she took the baby with her and travelled by train, then crossed the sea by ferry to visit Ygal, who had already joined a few Trotskyists in Dublin.
2068	Every Hartpury University Centre student is assigned a Placement Tutor to support and guide them and who acts as a central contact throughout their work placement.
2069	Every home will also be provided with a compost bin, water butt, rotary dryer and cycle storage.
2070	Every mobile commerce solution is developed by Shopgate so they are constantly improving the products that they are so fiercely proud of.
2071	Everyone at our practice is committed to providing you with the very best in dental healthcare.
2072	Everyone commented that The Lowry was a beautiful venue for a wedding.
2073	Everyone is welcome: children under 14 must be accompanied by an adult.
2074	Everyone's experience of dementia is unique and the progression of the condition varies.
2075	Everyone will love helping out around the farm by collecting eggs and maybe even feeding newborn lambs.
2076	Every person has unique requirements, which is why the Geberit AquaClean can be adjusted, from the position of the spray arm to the water temperature and intensity, right through to the dryer setting.
2077	Every possible mod-con has been provided for guests' enjoyment, including reverse air-conditioning throughout.
2078	Every time you drive past you notice something different on the site.
2079	Every UK employer has to have this kind of policy, which protects an employer against accidents to employees.
2080	Every year the invited would be subjected to an off-site strategy day to develop or test plans.
2081	Every year the majority of the banners on display in the galleries are changed.
2082	Evidence for alternative mating strategy phenotypes in both men and women.
2083	Evidence the recipients of payments of £56,050 made between 18 September 2015 and 30 October 2015 and verify the reasons for those payments, these being the payments made after the last payment made to current creditors.
2084	Examining Consumers' Intentions to Dine at Luxury Restaurants while Traveling.
2085	Examining emerging trends in criminological theory, you will learn to understand and evaluate new ideas and develop the skills to identify and communicate similarities and contrasts between the theories of crime and social control.
2086	Example: an ‘all terrain’ wheelchair was hired to enable access across beaches and rough terrain.
2087	Examples are shown for a purchase price of £3599.00 or the minimum spend required to qualify for the package.
2088	Examples of new circumstances that pull the trigger could include the imposition of significantly increased tariffs or a (material) change in regulatory requirements.
2089	Examples of services that may be provided, alongside examples of protective factors that may be present, are outlined in the threshold criteria document.
2090	Ex Cambridge Coach Services November 1994.
2091	Excellent breakfast and Judy's delicious 4 course dinners are not to be missed.
2092	Excellent for polyethylene and rubber bonding, but no UV/plasticiser resistance.
2093	Excellent walking from your doorstep and a great base for exploring the coastline.
2094	Except that Vierne either misheard them or deliberately misquoted them.
2095	Exchange visits will take place as and when they can be arranged.
2096	Exclusive: Promoter at Revolution copies controversial club night theme amidst accusations of sexismCan fancy dress go too far?
2097	Exclusive to Euronics and its agents and comes with a 1 year warranty.
2098	Exhibition sponsored by Scottish & Newcastle.
2099	Existing and new communities increasingly play an active role in the planning process and should be engaged to ensure sustainable transport infrastructure associated with new developments meets their needs.
2100	Expect a diverse and exhilarating collection of shows from well-established companies alongside those you may not have seen before.
2101	Expect tax-free sub-100g/km CO2 emissions, with a non-turbocharged version, producing around 70bhp, set to follow later.
2102	Expect to find farmers’ markets favourites such as cheeses, bakers, pasture fed beef and lamb and craft beer as well a fantastic range of street food, vegan, dairy free and gluten free foods.
2103	Expedia Free Extras may include items such as WiFi, breakfast, resort credits, show tickets, room upgrades, late check-out and more.
2104	Experienced CCW Venue Managers required for the Glasgow 2018 European Championships.
2105	Experience of visual impairment is preferred, whether through work or an informal caring role.
2106	Experiences of domestic violence and mental disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
2107	Experimental statistics presenting the new measures of graduate outcomes.
2108	Expert tells MSPs: support for small businesses is not fit for purposeVice-chair of Women's Enterprise Scotland describes review of business support as a ''missed opportunity''
2109	Explain the circumstances and ask them to investigate this for you.
2110	Explore a comprehensive range of special occasion dresses, party wear, prom dresses, some of the latest designer collections available at the most competitive prices.
2111	Explore extraordinary granite tors, deep wooded valleys, picturesque reservoirs and wide expanses of moorland in the Dartmoor National Park.
2112	Explore Hotels and Guest Houses around Warwickshire.
2113	Explores the activity and employment outcomes of majority and minority individuals in the UK, and examines their association with a variety of ethnic embeddedness measures.
2114	Explore the capital on a budget.
2115	Explore the city that provides the backdrop for 'Madame Butterfly', and where a Peace Park commemorates the world-shaping events of August 1945.
2116	Explore these nineteen magnificent state rooms during the summer when they open to the public and discover treasures from The Royal Collection as well as some of the finest French and English furniture in the world.
2117	Exploring the psychosocial impact of undergoing botulinum toxin treatment.
2118	Exports to China account for less than 1% of GDP.
2119	Extended operating hours for GP services; with plans to roll this out to the other GP networks linked to the vanguard.
2120	Extending and providing housing choice is key to the success of our future housing market.
2121	Extensive tracts of broadleaved woodland still survived into the late 18th century, when significant quantities of oak trees were being felled on land at Upper Llanfadog.
2122	External advice that is cost effective will prove to be a great tool to ensure that progress is made.
2123	Extra curricular work is actively promoted and encouraged.
2124	Eyewitness Shakespeare - Online ShopCreating a new account is quick and easy.
2125	Fabulous company wouldn't hesitate to do business with them again.
2126	Faced with the crash of 2007-8, the Western ruling classes abandoned the neoliberal playbook and resorted to the state to rescue them.
2127	Facilities on site also include: indoor heated swimming pool, sauna, solarium, spa bath.
2128	Failure to comply with an Abatement Notice is an offence and legal proceedings may result.
2129	Failure to do so would require the submission of a new full pre-application advice request together with the relevant fee.
2130	Failure to produce suitable ID will result in either your waste not being able to be deposited or a charge being made for the full load.
2131	Failure to provide this independent professional evidence by the closing date will mean your application will not be considered under criterion 2 (social medical reasons).
2132	Family flowers only please, donations in Kate's memory may be left at the ceremony in aid of Marie Curie.
2133	Family Information Directory provides information of activities, services and support groups for carers and young children with learning, physical, sensory disabilities and additional needs.
2134	Fancy dress and a barbie, and the odd G&T!
2135	Fancy dress shop in Cardiff.
2136	Fantastic holiday home.
2137	Fantastic views of the lake.
2138	Fantastic way of learning.
2139	Far be it from me to suggest that Richy is perhaps not the best to be handing out character references.
2140	Far from being abstract mathematical concerns, issues in accounting, finance and economics drive developments in international politics and influence change in the business landscape.
2141	Far from wealth-creating, they were wealth-consuming in their losses and low productivity.
2142	Farmers’ markets keep you in touch with the seasons in a way that supermarkets never can and many customers are interested to find out, for example, how the lambing has been this spring and how the asparagus is coming along…
2143	Farne offer local businesses and the community a free disposal service for cardboard and polystyrene.
2144	Farnworth were reduced to 10 men and Prieto killed the game off with calmly taken goal from eight yards out.
2145	Fast, reliable email services with backup mail service included with all POP3 and SMTP feed accounts.
2146	Fast, simple to use website.
2147	FBA Small and Light: In the United Kingdom, you can benefit from lower fulfilment fees for your fast-moving, small and light products that are priced under £9 (an improved threshold from £7 of the previous year).
2148	Features and BenefitsComplete the look with the Mira Leap Double Slider Panels, ideal for your contemporary bathroom.
2149	Feature wise the site offers all the normal bits and bobs cash out, live betting and so.
2150	Featuring a classic check pattern, an elasticated waist with a pretty satin self-tie bow detail, they come complete with two slash pockets.
2151	Featuring a contrasting accent on the heel, the central butt seam and crepe sole are signature features of this casual style.
2152	Featuring a flagstone patio adjacent to the accommodation, perfect for outdoor entertaining, with flower beds, lawn and gravelled areas and fencing to boundaries.
2153	Featuring a new, next generation blend of rocker, sidecut and construction, each element of Cham 2.0 W has been rethought, re-designed, and re-shaped to deliver maximum freeride versatility to women.
2154	Featuring a selection of the latest news and most-read stories of the day, keep up with all that is going on in St Albans, Harpenden, Redbourn and the surrounding Hertfordshire area at a glance.
2155	Featuring Handel, Corelli, Mendelssohn, Verdi, Puccini, Gounod, Lehar and a whole dose of fun with Gilbert and Sullivan.
2156	Featuring Hiplok’s patented fastening, the Sold Secure chain lock adjusts to fit the riders waist without being locked to them.
2157	Featuring the music of one of only three recording artists to have sold more than 100 million albums worldwide, welcome to two hours of non-stop, sign-a-long classics.
2158	February 15th, 2017 - Events - Glasgow - Whats on - Glasgow TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2159	February 6th, 2018 - Events - Colchester - Whats on - Colchester TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2160	February 7th, 2018 - Events - Oswestry - Whats on - Oswestry TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2161	February is just so tricky isn’t it; the weather is iffy, outdoor activities are limited, mud is everywhere and people are drinking again.
2162	Feel a total sense of wonder standing before the temples of Angkor!
2163	Feeling a bit down today so will have an early nite, my back is killing me.
2164	Feeling anxious about your condition and how your treatment is going can also affect your desire to have sex.
2165	Feeling positive about the results she obtained there, she made the decision to establish her own independent outlet on Ashfield Road.
2166	Fees cover tuition, meals (except breakfast) and refreshments, including morning coffee and afternoon tea during teaching hours.
2167	Fees for international credit card transactions may appear depending on services provided by purchaser's local bank.
2168	"Fellowships - aimed at providing exceptional individuals across science, technology and the arts the time and space to pursue their creative goals and develop their talent through tailored support worth up to £75k over 3-5 years"
2169	Females don’t have this red eye stripe and are a little paler in colour.
2170	FE Resources is working on behalf of Lincoln College and we are looking for Work Based.
2171	Ferguson’s last title triumph was arguably Carrick’s finest campaign - when he truly emerged from out of the shadow of Paul Scholes to be United most influential midfielder.
2172	Festival & Fairs Events in Church End Finchley - Whats on - Church End Finchley TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
2173	Few contractors are up to speed with the regulations governing how to properly administrate a company and the complicated rules are not always obvious.
2174	Fibre, which tends to be lacking in our diet, can be provided by brown bread and unprocessed cereals.
2175	Fierece Elite's team of 86 athletes, aged five to 18, travelled to the English Institute of Sport on May 12 for the two-day contest.
2176	Fifty Shades of GoldCapel Manor's GOLD medal winning exhibit 'Fifty Shades of Gold' at the 2018 RHS Chelsea Flower Show.
2177	Figure 22 shows the main components contributing to the quarterly movement of households and NPISH gross disposable income.
2178	Fill in your details below and we'll get back to you.
2179	Fill out your details to find out more about Negotiating Skills.
2180	Films may be borrowed on a short-term basis by registered Library users for their own individual private study and non-commercial research.
2181	Finally, if the JCVI were to make a recommendation to extend the reach of the meningitis B vaccine, I would not hesitate strongly to encourage Ministers to extend the vaccination’s coverage at the earliest opportunity.
2182	Financial aid will be disbursed on the first day of each semester.
2183	Financial support may be provided depending on your personal circumstance.
2184	Find any address on the map of Esher or calculate your itinerary to and from Esher, find all the tourist attractions and Michelin Guide restaurants in Esher.
2185	Find boundaries for plus ones and stick to it – for example, if a couple have been dating for over a year, the plus one is invited.
2186	Finding arrangements for pedestrian crossings.
2187	Find organisations that offer on the Money Advice Service website.
2188	Find out how much it costs to film in the Museum.
2189	Find out how we worked with the team at Howletts Wild Animal Park to revamp their education centre and create a wildlife garden.
2190	Find out if a tree is protected Browser does not support script.
2191	Find out if you need planning permission, or if your plans are classed as permitted development.
2192	Find out more about Project Pegasus and our work with the aviation community.
2193	Find out more about STIs including their symptoms and where to get tested.
2194	Find out more about the extra available at your local SPAR to discover how we can make your day-to-day tasks even easier.
2195	Find out more about what the future has got in store for healthcare below…
2196	Find out what's coming up in enterprise and business.
2197	Find out what you could get.
2198	Find out why abortion in Northern Ireland should be decriminalised.
2199	Find your way around using the Trekker Breeze, which uses GPS navigation and spoken route finding to talk you through every step on your journey, so all you need to do is enter the postcode you're heading to and go!
2200	Fireworks spectacle at Sherdley Park will hit all the right notes - 17/10/2017An organised firework display will return to Sherdley Park this Bonfire Night, with organisers promising it to be one of the biggest and best displays yet.
2201	First and most fundamentally, we do not know the numbers and characteristics of migrants with different types of immigration status.
2202	First and second time buyers looking for a new home in the heart of Bristol will not want to miss an open day at The General on 12 May.
2203	First, Government must amend the National Planning Policy Framework and Guidance to encourage councils to consider a much wider range of brownfield, in particular small sites.
2204	First, I just want to ask David a question.
2205	First it is important to understand what RSS (Really Simple Syndication) feeds are all about and why they are important for blogging.
2206	First, it’s a good idea to draw inspiration from amazing design websites (check this article: Top 50 interior design websites), and use your creativity to add luxury and sophistication to your house.
2207	First, the business should not use a video as the background.
2208	First, the Government are entirely committed to the NHS.
2209	First, the pervasiveness of the concept of deterrence; second, the central importance of maintaining political and military credibility in Washington; and third, financial opportunity costs.
2210	First up, Apple announced some changes that will make it easier for developers to sell their wares on its store.
2211	Fishermen from Kilkeel will benefit from the enhanced quotas.
2212	Fish is a good source of protein and contains many vitamins and minerals.
2213	Fitted with a stylish range of wall and base units with coordinated work surfaces and matching breakfast table.
2214	Fitted with a white three piece suite comprising low level w.c., pedestal wash hand basin with tiled splash back, single width tiled shower cubicle with folding glass door and attractive mosaic tiled border.
2215	Fitted with white three piece suite comprising, panel bath, wash hand basin with mixer tap built in vanity unit, low level w.c., chrome heated towel rail, full tiling to walls and UPVC obscure glazed window to rear elevation.
2216	Fitting a conservatory can add thousands of pounds to the value of a house, according to research published recently…
2217	Fitting of Ultrasonic Cold Fusion Extensions (coming soon).
2218	Five straight wins, including against play-off rivals Dover and Aldershot in their last two matches, have all but mathematically sealed second spot.
2219	Five years ago David was instrumental in creating their partnership with the national Community RePaint.
2220	Fixes bugs: - Windows NT and Windows 95 implementations were identified as "under development" rather than available.
2221	Fletcher explained: "We’ve been pleased with Dinesh’s progression over the season and that development is what we’re after with all of our players.
2222	FLETCHER On April 22, 2018, John (Fletch) of Bleasby.
2223	Flexibility: Renting can be a great option if you don’t want to be tied down by property ownership.
2224	Flexible Breaks offer the main carer to have break from the caring role on a regualr basis.
2225	Focus on removing technical debt instead of adding it for conversion increases.
2226	Fog lights: For vehicles fitted with front fog lights (rear fog lights are also included), it is an offence to illuminate them unless visibility is seriously reduced, which is defined as driving in rain, snow or fog with visibility less than 100 metres.
2227	FOI 7482 - Public health expenditure of Thurrock for the period 2013-2016.
2228	Folksy is the UK’s online marketplace for buying and selling handmade.
2229	Following a healthy, gluten-free diet seems to lengthen the fertile life span in women and has been shown to improve fertility and reduce the risk of reproductive problems in men and women.
2230	Following an argument, he hit the mother-of-two with a vase before pushing her over the balcony of their ninth floor flat in Wolverhampton.
2231	Following a substantial double digit decrease in May, the sector was down by -5.4% in June and is now -4.4% lower than last year.
2232	Following clear evidence of certain SLPs being misused, the Government brought them within the scope of our register of beneficial ownership.
2233	Following continued success and.
2234	Following directions from a sat nav(a TomTom Start 52) During the independent driving part of the test, most candidates will be asked to follow directions from a sat nav.
2235	Following such notice, if Licensee wishes for the telephone support session to continue, Licensee will pay for such Other Assistance based on Licensor’s then-current rates.
2236	Following the Industrial Revolution, textile manufacturing processes were mechanised and production shifted to water- and steam-powered mills in the valleys.
2237	Following the multi award-winning and critically acclaimed What I Learned from Johnny Bevan, described by The Guardian as a ‘pulsating piece of poetic storytelling,’ I am hugely excited to see what Luke delivers next.”
2238	Following the roundtable participants are warmly invited to attend the Centre for European Legal Studies’ annual Mackenzie Stuart Lecture, at 5.30pm in the Faculty of Law.
2239	Following the shoot day the team retired to the Beckford Arms in Fonthill Gifford for a superb grouse dinner, accompanied by the finest wines.
2240	Following the success of the first Talking Point in Acomb and its surrounding areas we have identified Haxby and Wigginton as a potential next location.
2241	Following the verdict Leanne's family paid tribute to her, after it was revealed her 'last heroic act was to save her daughter from the flames that were about to engulf them'.
2242	Following this rigorous process the project costs remained high and still required an additional £10m above the £20m already allocated to deliver a pared down version of the previous brief.
2243	Follow these steps to see how you can become a revolutionary maker too!
2244	Food and beverage manager Paul Mason will be offering students cocktail masterclasses and is looking forward to passing on his knowledge.
2245	FOOD Decent quality of food but a little repetitive as we saw pork and lamb chops every day, along with veal steaks.
2246	Food- i had turkey crumbs, cheese and crackers then liquorice sweets! what a mix.
2247	Food never looks more sad than when it’s sat on its own, and in fitting with our vision of creating the world’s greatest food community, our photography style always shows people enjoying food in different occasions.
2248	Food, presentation and service is good.
2249	Foods with a longer shelf life or those unlikely to be a health risk must be labelled with a BEST BEFORE date.
2250	Foot Anstey is a specialist in the retail, leisure, food and drink sector advising a range of clients such as Halfords, Odeon and City Electrical Factors.
2251	Football, music and museums are just some of the things to do in Liverpool on a family day out.
2252	For 2013 only the two cases re sale of tobacco involved the use of video equipment.
2253	For a balanced education, all four had to be part of the schools’ aim in making sure that their learners were effectively educated.
2254	For Admission Bodies whose liabilities are expected to be orphaned following exit, a more prudent approach will be taken.
2255	For affordable housing the spec is high.
2256	For a free colour brochure FREEPHONE: 0800 773 773.
2257	For a limited time only a 30 day UNLIMITED tanning pass is just £30!
2258	For a modern classic look no further than the Rolls Royce Phantom, this luxury vehicle will add a touch of elegance to any wedding day.
2259	For an annual fee we will provide you with a 240-litre brown bin for your garden waste.
2260	For an even better chance to have the Incan World Heritage Site to yourselves, stay at the Belmond Sanctuary Lodge, the only hotel at the entrance to the ruins.
2261	For an informal discussion about this opportunity please contact Louise Wallace, Assistant Director Integration, North Yorkshire County Council on 01609 534806.
2262	For a person who is hard of hearing, this could give them a few vital seconds of warning that their current system does not provide.
2263	For a special edition of the CR podcast, themed around our Annual awards, CR’s editors discuss some of the Best in Book winners, and reflect on what trends emerged this year.
2264	For a start, the primary adopter does not require birth recovery time.
2265	For a tiny village church like Naunton to set up a district foodbank was a massive leap of faith and vision, and the support of our wider Baptist family was critical to help us to make that move.
2266	For BigV; reverse DNS can be set in panel-beta, or the command line client.
2267	For companies in this industry, image is important, as the health sector is a commercial one.
2268	For details of this and other exciting Welbeck Abbey Brewery developments make sure to follow Claire and the team online.
2269	Ford is committed to doing its part to help develop that infrastructure."
2270	For ease of use, our tube allows pinpoint accuracy without the need for a grease gun.
2271	For ease we have created the application form as an amendable PDF which means you can fill it in on your computer.
2272	For e-commerce sites, marketing experts generally start from the premise that the average conversion rate will be around 1%.
2273	Forest School London was founded in 1834 as a place for the "due education of children"
2274	Forever I've used other brands(albeit cheaper brands), and I would have to apply numerous times a day.
2275	For every new canal, an Act of Parliament was necessary to authorise construction.
2276	For example, a site prefers physics users to match as many slots as they can, and only when all the physics jobs are running, and idle slots remain, are chemistry jobs allowed to run.
2277	For example, if the majority of your sales are face-to-face you will need more salespeople than if you make most sales online.
2278	For example, if you type in "warehouse", two core description options will be presented, "Warehouse" and "Retail Warehouse".
2279	For example, one reason behind the decline in work-related settlement grants from 2011 to 2014 is the falling numbers of work visas that were issued for people coming to the UK from 2007-2009.
2280	For example, our award-winning research and learning programme, GoWell has informed policies and strategies which have directly led to improvements in social regeneration and health outcomes in deprived neighbourhoods and communities.
2281	For example our Japanese collection contains original kimono pattern book designs from before the twentieth century and the most wonderful print designs, abstract lotus flowers and beautiful Japanese and Chinese calligraphy.
2282	For example, our lead in the global debate on open access and open data ensures that we are seen as serious players in the science debate.
2283	For example, responses in the US had 85% reliability from one wave to the next.
2284	For example, the current priority for my research relates to the relationship between marketing agencies and their clients.
2285	For example the standard Opencart home page is defined as:-
2286	For example, the use of derivatives gives rise to greater operational risks.
2287	For example tools and content should be - once a user's location is known it can be used to surface the most relevant content and to tailor services.
2288	For example, we use a cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interactions with the search page.
2289	For example, you may have to pay single or under-occupancy supplements.
2290	For extra space without the hassle of moving home why not consider a conservatory or orangery?
2291	For flavourings you can’t go wrong with salt, to bring out the best of the sugar.
2292	For further fire safety advice please visit: https://www.
2293	For further information about Google's handling of your data please refer to their privacy policy: https://policies.
2294	For further information: please contact John Gordon on john.
2295	Forget all preconceptions you have about kaftans, these beautiful handcrafted masterpieces are created by a group of artisans in a remote part of Mexico.
2296	For getting around, your York Pass gives you a free upgrade on car hire, plus money off cycle hire and taxi fares as well as City Sightseeing buses.
2297	For good evolutionary reasons, food triggers the brain’s pleasure receptors and high-calorie food triggers them more than low-calorie food.
2298	For hill walkers and climbers, Nedd is an ideal base for exploring Quinag, Suilven, Canisp, Ben More Assynt, Benn Stack, Arkle and Foinaven.
2299	For information and to book a Bateaux London dinner cruise, visit (opens in a new window) or call 020 7695 1800.
2300	For information, we're a 'Fresher Cook' school, not a "fresher plus" school!
2301	For instance, if we assume that most children in most situations are likely to begin as novices this could help point the way to more effective instruction.
2302	For investments that include financial advice (eg Premier Investment Management Service) the Key Features Documents is available at your local branch.
2303	For items to be delivered to Highlands and Islands, Channel Islands, Isles of Scilly and Isle of Man there will be a courier surcharge levied.
2304	For keen drivers, the M240i is by far the most enticing model in the ‘normal’ 2 Series range, with its six-cylinder turbocharged petrol engine propelling it from 0-62mph in 4.6 seconds (add two tenths for the manual gearbox) and on to a 155mph top speed.
2305	For location-based services (such as maps) you will need to allow the app to access your location using GPS.
2306	For long-lasting displays it’s hard to beat varieties of Viburnum x bodnantense that produce a succession of flowers from October until spring.
2307	Former Letchworth rugby player-turned boxer outpointed his 5ft 9in Sofia-born opponent after four tough rounds in Bethnal Green.
2308	Former Lincoln College engineering apprentice Geoff McManus will present to the Sustainability Select Committee in Westminster next week.
2309	Formerly an HR professional and now undertakes freelance HR consulting.
2310	Former offices on Market Street are being torn down and replaced with seven storeys of student housing, providing 225 student bed spaces.
2311	Form into a round ball.
2312	For monarchists, this was evidence that Britons still have ‘great affection’ for their Queen and her brood and all that they represent – including hereditary privilege.
2313	For more advice visit the NHS choices website nhs.
2314	For more details and to apply for the race, www.maldonmudrace.com.
2315	For more information about how to get involved please see our website at universifyeducation.
2316	For more information about the Open Studios or associated events please visit http://www.nyos.org.uk where you can order a brochure or download events information.
2317	For more information and support on knife crime visit www.noknivesbetterlives.com a Home Office approved website with practical advice for young people, parents and professionals.
2318	For more information, contact one of the team today.
2319	For more information on our work, download our full Strategy for Young People.
2320	For more information on the PCC’s Behind the Badge campaign visit https://www.
2321	For much of its history it has been a domain on its own, not quite like the rest of Eng- land — a County Palatine, the Prince Bishoprick.
2322	Formulated with pure ROC Retinol & an essential mineral complex.
2323	For my constituents this.
2324	For non-elective admissions, the standardised relative risk of readmission was also higher, particularly for clinical oncology.
2325	For other regions, we will put you in touch with one of our network of Treasure Trails Partners across the UK.
2326	For our customers we don't do appointments so it's easy, just walk in either get your hair cut immediately, or after a short wait.
2327	For over 148 years, Botham's of Whitby have been baking superb products.
2328	For over 40 years my family have organised the fireworks display in our local village.
2329	For probiotics the main source in food is yogurt and other fermented foods such as kefir and sauerkraut.
2330	For proposed changes to the requirement to report non-material breach please see Q17 above.
2331	For Real-Time reports look in the ‘Home’ tab.
2332	For seat belts this concerns the need to investigate links with ethnicity and deprivation as well as continuing our support for the introduction of seat belt reminders.
2333	For security purposes all new users are required to register for this area of the site however access is strictly limited to Ascot Lloyd clients only.
2334	For someone who is sensitive to nature in both an aesthetic and scientific way it’s unbelievable.
2335	For some seats, like the Ethnic Minority and LGBT representatives we need your information so that you can vote for your Council members.
2336	For something wonderfully different you can 'draw with light and shadow' in Steve Gumbley's extraordinary day workshop on 12th July.
2337	For Spring/Summer 2015, Gieves & Hawkes evokes the colours and memories of an English summer on the coast - soft and elegant, windswept and natural - presented with monochromatic and luxurious understatement.
2338	For Stations Banbury and North Off Peak tickets are still valid during this time.
2339	For such areas it is advisable to refer to ONS productivity data for a direct measure of economic performance.
2340	For that she would need an MRI scan and then subsequent treatment, which could cost around £4,000.
2341	For the avoidance of doubt, this clause 7.5 does not apply to Business to Business Providers or Corporate Providers.
2342	For the British the country lost its strategic importance once they were evicted from India.
2343	For the first decade or so of Bytemark’s history, Managing Director Matthew Bloch took on the role of recruiting staff.
2344	For the first nine months of 2014, PACCAR reported net income of $964.5 million ($2.71 per diluted share) compared to $837.1 million ($2.36 per diluted share) in 2013.
2345	For them, good news is a disaster and bad news is a welcome confirmation of their world view.
2346	For the ones that are (firstly pat yourself on the back!
2347	For the purposes of business conduct, enhancement, identification of fraud, money laundering and other potential unauthorised activities, we may engage in profiling activities via direct use or anonymisation of sensitive personal information.
2348	For the triathlon in June, dad Jonny will be towing Harley in a boat for the swim section, pushing his wheelchair in the run, and using a specially adapted bike for the cycling section.
2349	For those looking to enjoy the experience in more opulent surroundings, a limited number of pre-bookable First Class seats are available for the round trip, offering tea, sandwiches and cakes in one of the more historic saloon carriages.
2350	For those looking to get onto or move up the ladder, there is currently a substantive hurdle in their way – stamp duty.
2351	For those of you that frequently help other members on this board, we want to make sure that your time is rewarded and we want your views on the best way to do this.
2352	For those of you who have had the same thing for whatever reason, isn't it a complete bastard when they go?
2353	For those rare properties costing less than £40,000, stamp duty is not paid, as due to a quirk in the system low value transactions below this level need not be declared.
2354	For those stylish shoppers looking for some inspiration, have a look at the Superdry blog to keep up to date on all the latest fashion trends.
2355	For those who wish for their family members (fiancée, unmarried partner, spouse, civil partner or child) to accompany or join them in the UK for the purposes of settlement, we also provide assistance.
2356	For those who would like to improve their skills in communication or maths and gain an Agored Cymru qualification or WJEC qualification.
2357	Fortunately, as specialist, experienced brokers, the team at Isis will already be familiar with most companies’ specific requirements and will be able to advise you in this regard.
2358	Fortunately, Ramon and Marie had sensibly kept on their rented flat.
2359	Fos the first time a French King visits England of his own free will.
2360	Founded as a charity in 2014, it was the first service of its kind.
2361	Founded in 1986, National Drilling Services Ltd has many years of experience in the construction sector, and provides drilling services to clients throughout the UK.
2362	Four fire crews were called to an overheated engine onboard a boat in Hoveton, a Broads Authority spokesman said.
2363	Four further panelled doors provide access to the gues cloakroom, sitting room, dining room and breakfast kitchen respectively.
2364	Four settings for each volume, tone and ring type.
2365	Four shelters in a row like a line of giant mutant Skittles.
2366	Fourth annual British Library Labs Symposium.
2367	Fourthly, I will ensure that those who made their lives here but have now retired to their country of origin can come back to the UK.
2368	Fourth Thursday of each month from 7pm - 9pm.
2369	Free delivery on many items.
2370	Free health, sport and business network.
2371	Freehold Road, Ipswich IP4 Henry Rose are delighted to offer this brand new 3 bed det bungalow.
2372	Freelance members who work regularly for a media organisation may also be part of a chapel.
2373	Free parking with permit.
2374	Free park & ride service from Isle of Wight Pearl, Carol singing and crafts.
2375	Free support and advice on money matters, help with debt and managing household finances.
2376	Freeview HD announces a summer of sport across the HD channels.
2377	Free WiFi is available on all buses and there is a staffed, heated waiting facility with toilets and a baby changing area as well as ticket machines on site.
2378	Freightliner is a supporter of many charities both locally and nationwide.
2379	French is taught from Reception and Latin from year 5. The children enjoy a full range of sporting activities, including football, rugby and cricket for the boys, netball and rounders for the girls.
2380	French Oak Tall BookcaseThe French collection epitomises all that was great about 19th century French design, rejuvenated for a modern world, the range reflects many of the various style elements of that period to give that sturdy but comfortable look.
2381	Frenzied attacks and acts of violence have consequences for all involved.
2382	Fresh droppings will be soft and moist.
2383	Fresh, dynamic and innovative solutions, including "map-smart" methodology in conjunction with the leading business mapping software "MindGenius".
2384	Friday - arrival 3:00pm - departure 10:00am.
2385	Friday Night Comedy with Steve N Allen is past the date when it may be purchased online.
2386	Friend has raised that point, I will make this observation.
2387	Friend is absolutely right to pay tribute to all those who do so much to support cancer care of all types, and particularly breast cancer care.
2388	Friendly professional teaching staff.
2389	Friend raises an incredibly important point and is absolutely right to raise it in the context of this debate.
2390	Friend refers to hate crime and I wondered whether she was aware that some of us Muslim Members of Parliament have been victims of a hate crime on the parliamentary estate today and yesterday.
2391	Friend the Member for Lewisham West and Penge (Ellie Reeves)—early legal advice.
2392	Friend the Member for Meon Valley (George Hollingbery), who is in the Chamber.
2393	Friend the Member for Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney (Gerald Jones), raised the issue of second-hand goods and online purchases.
2394	Friend the Member for West Dorset is aware of her point.
2395	Friend the Minister for Asia and the Pacific wants to refer to climate change in his winding-up speech, but our determination on climate change has, again, provided a sense of leadership.
2396	FringeGuru ‘If you don’t ever want to see another WW1 play, then you want to see *this*.
2397	From 01 October 2018, the requirements relation to prescribed information will be rolled out across all tenancies and it remains to be seen whether the issues described in this case will prove problematic for pre-October 2015 tenancies too.
2398	From 26 June 2012 to 6 August 2012 we are inviting proposals for the number of councillors who should represent East Dorset Council.
2399	From 3rd May 2016 the road over Bridge Street Railway Bridge (Newport) will be closed for approximately 6 months.
2400	From 6 April you will need to send to us anything you would have previously sent to DfE eg applications to change your rules.
2401	From April until November, the Complainant attended the 1½-hour therapy sessions, which were conducted twice a week in her home.
2402	From fairytale cup matches to days when Derby dominated English football with likes of Carter, Doherty and CrooksBut that golden era in Rams' history was about to come to an end.
2403	From foraging to autonoetic consciousness: The primal self as a consequence of embodied prospective foraging.
2404	From here the going gets serious - more Alpine than Pennine.
2405	From here you can also easily take in the beauty of the surrounding countryside.
2406	From Hong Kong to Sydney, Rome to Shanghai, Tiffany can be found in the most important cities on earth.
2407	From it we learn how to make language itself an apostolic instrument rather than a rhetorical display.
2408	FROM LONDON: Leave the A3 at the Tolworth Junction.
2409	From Massage, facials cuts & colours.
2410	From natural to elegant evening I can create individual looks to suit you.
2411	From negotiating with creditors, writing off debts, IVA''s, CVA''s, insolvency or bankruptcy, we can help you find the right solution to your money worries.
2412	From new UPS drivers and Virgin Active cleaners to personal loan officers and nursery assistants, local residents have been working one-to-one with our specialist employment advisers to realise their job goals.
2413	From nursery to university, Edge Design Washrooms have considered all the features required to meet the most demanding of educational environments.
2414	From original bejewelled botanical pieces by master jewellers such as Rene Lalique and Peter Carl Faberge, to the splendour of Cartier’s orchids and fanciful imaginative flowers by contemporary designers such as Victoire de Castellane.
2415	From our investigations, some IPTV boxes are potentially dangerous.
2416	From plastic bags and bottles to fishing gear and even micro-plastics too small to see, our throw-away culture is having an almost cataclysmic effect on our ecosystems - and ultimately our own food chain.
2417	From Responsive Business Websites to eCommerce Websites.
2418	From rolling countryside to historic cathedral cities and traditional seaside resorts, Lincolnshire offers a peaceful alternative to the discerning holidaymaker.
2419	From Spain there is scarcely any news this week.
2420	From start to finish superb service.
2421	From Swansea follow the A4067 northwards along the canal line to Clydach.
2422	From the dramatic lighting of the house to when they walked into the marquee, and from the wonderful flowers to the log filled braziers glowing into the night.
2423	From the end of this road you can walk to the lighthouse.
2424	From the moment Mother Theresa announced that she was going to the polls in the forlorn hope she could hoodwink us into believing she was – drum roll – strong and stable, we witnessed all-out television war.
2425	From the moment you order to being fitted in Farnham, all our products, including our range of venetian wooden blinds, are guaranteed to be high quality and to give complete satisfaction.
2426	From the outset Cope Electronics fully recognizes that all clients have different requirements and levels of in-house expertise.
2427	From there, scroll down to the ‘See My Location’ tab and turn on ‘Ghost Mode’.
2428	From the warm feeling of welcome and the scent of freshly cut flowers, to the glow of impeccably clean locker rooms, unparalleled service is always on display.
2429	From this RTC, DNA profiling brought others into the enquiry, who were known associates of Wakelam.
2430	From visual art and installation to theatre and music, there was plenty of live performance to keep us entertained in February.
2431	“From what we have seen with these young people it is clear that anything that assists them with their performance and confidence whilst on stage, improves their experience not just on stage but in their lives generally.
2432	Front room on the main road slightly noisy.
2433	Front rowers Zac Metcalfe and Liam Braithwaite worked tirelessly throughout.
2434	Full-time students have 10 hours of lecture and seminar time per week, plus two days’ placement per week, which starts in late October.
2435	Fun, creative and beautiful wedding photography with a stunning collection of handmade Italian wedding albums to choose from.
2436	Funding came from the Department of Communities and Local Government Homelessness Prevention Programme as part of the North London Housing Partnership.
2437	Funding for transport infrastructure.
2438	Funding is calculated according to the size of the local road network in the area and the Kirklees allocation is £325,000 in 2016.
2439	‘Funny and sad, tender and tough, Melnik’s stories reveal a writer who is wise and insightful beyond her years.
2440	Funny, nor was it coined secret football prediction sites on.
2441	Funny pictures about Doggie Language.
2442	Fun place for a cut - A review of The Company Hairdressing by Anon Realy fun place to get a hair cut, but also very chilled out to, great find, Was new to Cambridge an.
2443	Fun things to do with the kids in Cambridge this month »
2444	Further change took place in April 2014 as a result of the transfer of consumer credit regulation from the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
2445	Further evidence of this universal appeal is apparent when examining how respondents personally feel about the ad.
2446	Further first-floor twin bedroom with full-width single beds.
2447	Further guidance related to significant changes can be found in the guide to the regulations (L29) and ISTR guidance provides examples of significant changes.
2448	Further information can be found by clicking the link below.
2449	Further information can be obtained from the Google Privacy Policy.
2450	Further information on these rules and regulations can be found below.
2451	Furthermore, she worked for the Hellenic National Meteorological Service within her internship as a student.
2452	Furthermore, the internet has had a huge impact on how the public perceive institutional experts & other pundits… we are no longer passive information takers.
2453	Furthermore, we find that overexpression of OXR1 in neurons significantly delays non-cell-autonomous neuroinflammatory response, classic complement system activation, and STAT3 activation through transcriptomic analysis of spinal cords of SOD1(G93A) mice.
2454	Further to my much earlier communication (see below), I thought you might like to know that my genealogical research into my family from Barford led me to a connection going back as far as 1685!
2455	Future CCS operators will be able to make sure that their CCS processes are safe for workers and members of the public by complying with existing health and safety legislation and by taking a proportionate approach to managing CCS risks.
2456	Games Room - a very popular space with kids and teenagers.
2457	Gamma Fibre Ethernet is ideal for organisations that wish to converge voice and data on a single connection.
2458	Garden furniture is the final of piece of the jigsaw for beautifully landscaped and artfully designed gardens.
2459	Gas central heating with open fire and electric fire.
2460	Gas providers SGN have said that engineers have been able to stop the leak, and are now working to repair the damage to the gas governor.
2461	Gates will open the following morning at 9am.
2462	Gavin’s practice is concerned with topography, local histories and the ability to interact and respond to the city.
2463	Gaze upwards to the hunting scenes playing out in the plaster frieze and walk through the dappled light thrown by the stained glass windows, gathered from chapels and priories around Europe, some of the panes from as early as 1500.
2464	Geberit Sigma50 TooaletaJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
2465	GE Money's website has plenty of worthy guff about responsible lending, etc, and no doubt it could argue that lending someone seven times their income on a variable rate mortgage is a perfectly sensible business.
2466	General discussion ensued and it was felt that it was a matter of conscience for the individual; a member could disqualify themselves if they thought that they were sitting in judgement of a peer.
2467	Generally this housing costs element will not be paid direct to landlords, and claimants will be responsible for making sure their rent is paid to their landlord.
2468	Generated in 0.057 seconds in which 0.003 seconds were spent on a total of 3 queries.
2469	Genetic engineering studies are under way, to include a switch that will mean the bacteria are only ‘switched on’ at night, to make the bacteria glow more brightly, and to cope with fluctuating temperatures.
2470	Gentlemen, we know it’s not just ladies who like look after themselves and we offer a broad selection of top beauty treatments for men, designed to meet your unique requirements of our growing male clientele.
2471	Genuine antique shotguns, with flintlock, matchlock and percussion cap firing mechanisms, which are not kept to be fired, will not normally need to be certificated.
2472	Genuine confidence will not be possible until each is addressed.
2473	Geodemographic data provide information to assessors on the socio-economic characteristics prevalent in the area in which an applicant lives.
2474	Geoffrey's increasing age and the complexity of modern aircraft design reduced his direct contribution to the aircraft company, but he became President of the de Havilland Group.
2475	Geoff said, “I am delighted to be joining the Mersey Gateway Crossing Board Ltd and look forward to working with my colleagues in the delivery of this iconic project.
2476	George Kieffer, Chairman of the Haven Gateway Partnership, said: “Once again, our business supporters and MPs have come together to show a united front in the campaign to dual the A120.
2477	Georgie has a wonderful family who she loves dearly, including five grandsons, two granddaughters, two great-granddaughters, four great-grandsons and four great-great-grandsons.
2478	Get creative and show them how much you really care with individually carved pieces of bread you know they’ll appreciate.
2479	Get inspired by our curated selection of the most luxurious tables and desks for your home and interior projects.
2480	Get in touch to discuss how we could work with you.
2481	Get in touch with Tamar Accounting today.
2482	Get in touch with us in Barnsbury on 07938 578 874 about rubbish collection fill in our booking form.
2483	Get lost in a wonderland of imagination with this Alice costume.
2484	Get out on the water to make the most of the Scottish canals.
2485	Get plans and a specification prepared for the proposed work.
2486	Get the most out of your radiator by ensuring that you it in order to clean out the sludge.
2487	Get this element right and you’ll reap the benefits for years or even decades to come – and the good news is, upgrading the fabric is frequently the most affordable way to make a project more eco-friendly.
2488	Get tips on how to work the latest fashion trends into your wardrobe and how to style your newest picks from Evans with the 'Inspiration' section on its website.
2489	G Force was four lengths back in third.
2490	Gift Vouchers cannot be retrospectively applied to previous Bob Designer software orders.
2491	Giles Willson, GGF Deputy CEO and Director of Technical Affairs presented the GGF’s concerns over the Green Deal in a roundtable discussion at the Liberal Democrat Party Conference 2012 in Brighton on Tuesday 25th September.
2492	Girls have largely been introduced to the sport at the Hubs via accessible forms of the game such as touch rugby, but sevens rugby has also been introduced where there is a high level of interest and enough numbers.
2493	Give an Ordnance Survey grid reference if you can.
2494	Given his general view of committee types, he may subsequently have considered this a crime rather than a misdemeanour.
2495	Given university status in the 60's, the University of East Anglia is set in 200 hectares of natural landscape and has some striking architecture, most notably its famous Ziggurats.
2496	Give thanks for the unique position of HTC within the academic structures of the Scottish university system but governed by committed Christians.
2497	Give the learner time to respond.
2498	Give your nearest mobile nail technician a call and get a high-end home visit from a professional, at your leisure.
2499	Giving a textbook ride, he hunted around the first circuit, then steadily made ground to join the leaders at the last to run out a cosy winner.
2500	Glad to have my traineo pals at my side.
2501	Glasgow Royal Concert Hall is at the heart of Glasgow UNSECO City of Music.
2502	Glebe Street in Huddersfield HD1 consists predominantly of terraced houses.
2503	Glendarroch House nestles in a secluded glen close to the popular village of Lochinver - remote but convenient.
2504	Glen Faba is a mature gravel pit of 67 acres in size.
2505	Glen Sanderson, chairman of the National Park Authority, said: "100,000 visitors is a significant milestone.
2506	Glitter logo on the front.
2507	Globalisation, and the accompanying internalisation of firms’ supply chains that has occurred over recent decades, have changed the way we should think about trade flows and in particular the UK’s trade with the EU.
2508	Globalisation increased the need for cost reduction but has this also led to a loss in quality and value for the customer?
2509	Gloves for airgunners - what's suitable?
2510	Go against conventions and stand out from the crowd with the new BMW X2 - the rule breaker in the BMW X Range.
2511	Godfery Dykes, one of many submarine communication operators, sat in a claustrophobic communications cabin, hunched over the radio, headphones on, sick bucket between his legs, receiving the Morse code signals.
2512	Goff and Cathie Welchman kept it local by running the Padbrook Plod, a hilly five-mile event, finishing in 52 and 59 minutes, respectively.
2513	Going to the big smoke?
2514	Golfers can tee off at one of the many links courses in the Highlands and if you fancy a tipple, try the Glen Ord Distillery Visitor Centre and Whisky Shop – one of the oldest distilleries in Scotland dating back to 1838.
2515	Good advice & prompt service.
2516	Good Afternoon, Tomorrow's Wharton Police Surgery, which is being held by.
2517	Good for strolling, picnics, punting, jogging or, best of all, admiring the University's very own herd of longhorn cattle (which, legend has it, were originally a gift from Bill Clinton).
2518	GOOD MORNING BRITAIN host Richard Madeley grew so frustrated with Defence Secretary Gavin.
2519	Good News for Capped Drawdown, But Is It Good Enough?
2520	Good price, bad service!
2521	Good quality wooden garden/patio table and 4 chairs.
2522	Good SEO is vital to ensure solid rankings in SERPs.
2523	Good service, cheery workforce & knowledgeable.
2524	Goods for delivery to Papa Westray will be accepted at Kirkwall Pier during the following times:-
2525	Good style and 3/4 sleeves fine as I'm small.
2526	Good survival of sites in nucleated and dispersed landscapes coupled with a strong tradition of rural settlement research.
2527	Good things may come out of this, like being able to spend more time together once we reorganize ourselves.
2528	Good to hear that you always make sure you’re on a good deal.
2529	Google always strives to give users the best possible search results.
2530	Go past its entrance to the bottom of Mill Lane.
2531	Gosh, I'm shattered, just returned after following her around for the last 5 hours!
2532	Go through the gate after Forest How and just before the next gate, take the path to your right leading up towards the fell.
2533	Got my hubby to install it with no problems and everything has gone smoothly since.
2534	Go to auctions and see what happens before becoming a player.
2535	Got to know exactly what we wanted."
2536	Gourmet fare is on the menu in the a la carte restaurant.
2537	Gpx file not really needed, but gives you some idea when to leave the woods and start heading down to the road.
2538	Grab an ice-cream at Maud’s and get a look at all the pretty boats in the harbour before jumping back into the car on your way to Ballintoy.
2539	Grade descriptors have always been used in a ‘best fit’ sense (what some have called ‘weak criterion referencing’) rather than as absolute criteria to judge performance, and statistics have always helped to guide senior examiner judgments.
2540	Graduate student in Land Economy, Charlotte Chunming Meng (pictured), has been awarded the best paper prize at the American Real Estate and Urban Economics Association (AREUEA) 2016 International Conference.
2541	Graham also has experience of working in one of the main direct hostels in Newcastle as a nightshift worker, making sure the clients are safe whilst maintaining a high level of support.
2542	Grandfather John Warne is convinced that the schoolgirl was snatched on behalf of an American, and that she is now living in Minnesota and attending college.
2543	Granted, there are many things to untie and some won’t be untied but it will be interesting to see where we are headed next.
2544	Grant previously worked in the logistics industry following spells in various sales roles and graduated from Edinburgh Napier University in 2012 with a BA in Business Management.
2545	Grants and/or loans are often based on specific criteria, which will need to be considered before making an application.
2546	Graphite coloured cabinetry gave the kitchen the desired dramatic look and tied in perfectly with new fitted graphite windows and original oak parquet flooring.
2547	Grazing on soft soils or during prolonged periods of wet weather can increase the likelihood of stock induced soil erosion.
2548	“Great accommodation in perfect location to explore Islay”
2549	Great customer service is one of the reasons why so many of our customers continue to deal with us, and many more choose to buy a vehicle, or receive aftersales services through our group.
2550	Great dedication!
2551	Greater openness encourages stakeholder participation which is a key component of well-informed, independent decision making.
2552	Great hospitality, location and food.
2553	Great service from my enquiry with Craig about tyres, to the attention from Kevin, East Kilbride Branch manager, when they fitted two tyres, one of which was shipped in from Gateshead.
2554	Great stay in a unique and amazing space.
2555	Great tips whether you are saving for the deposit on your first home or not.
2556	Green waste should go loose (unbagged) into your green bin.
2557	Gregory Dickson on the ball for Mountjoy United against Glebe United in the Mulhern Cup quarter-final.
2558	Gregory went off at half-time in the 1-0 win over Fleetwood on Tuesday night and Morison was substituted with 20 minutes left with a hamstring problem.
2559	GRESFORD Athletic have bolstered their squad with the signing of talented goalkeeper Mike Jones.
2560	Griffins Estates has this fantastic opportunity to purchase this Terrace house in Lechmere Road with planning permission to demolition the existing dwelling and erection of a two, four bedrooms properties.
2561	Gross inflows for the final quarter exceeded £4 billion taking full year inflows to £14.6 billion, growth of 29%.
2562	Grounds in all extend to 0.345 acres (0.139ha).
2563	Groundwork Wales' Healthy Rivers programme improves and promotes of our local waterways.
2564	Grow in any space they have using pots, raised beds, wooden pallets, old sinks, fruit crates, large cooking oil or food tins – a great way to let their imagination run wild!
2565	GSNI scrutinise applications for mineral prospecting permits, work with companies in their implementation, review progress and advise DETI on progress and continuance.
2566	'guaranteed excursions’ were special trains run usually for interest groups such as working men’s clubs, Sunday Schools, etc. These could be run from closed stations, subject to the need and until the station in question became unsuitable.
2567	Guaranteed to give any outfit a stylish edge, they look great with cropped trousers and a crisp white shirt.
2568	Guardian below-the-line commentator this week had three of five comments on a single article removed.
2569	Guests are invited to take advantage of the wide range of exemplary facilities and services that this wonderful hotel has to offer.
2570	Guests assume full responsibility for understanding all local authority rules related to drone usage and for obtaining any required permissions for drone operations.
2571	Guests then got to their feet and danced the night away to a selection of celebratory hits.
2572	Guests will look forward to relaxing here and reading a good book before drifting into a restful nights sleep.
2573	Guidance for school centred initial teacher training providers (SCITTs) and other non-HEI providers of initial teacher training.
2574	Guidance Note issued by the PCC, 2004 This note brings together the provisions in the Code which are relevant when reporting allegations that individuals have committed a criminal offence.
2575	Guidance on selling a house, from choosing a solicitor or estate agent to completion of sale.
2576	Guildford has a well developed comedy scene with gigs taking place across the town, in theatres, clubs, pubs and at the university.
2577	Gunpowder, Treason and Plot - The Gunpowder 400 Trail This year marks the 400th anniversary of the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot - follow the Gunpowder 400 Trail to find out what's going on in UK museums.
2578	Gus Wylie, acclaimed photographer, who has photographed the Hebrides over the last three decades, has three published books of photographs about the Hebrides.
2579	Guy was Series Producer on the BAFTA and Grierson-winning The Trust for Channel 4, and his work has won awards at the Edinburgh Film Festival, and Broadcast awards.
2580	Gyproc Collated Drywall Screws 50mm are designed for all types of projects commercial and domestic.
2581	Had a brilliant birthday weekend.
2582	Had a fantastic few days, location is absolutely stunning & cabin itself is fantastic!
2583	Had fun working there while it lasted and the pay was good so can’t complain.
2584	Had the registration of title on the first sale been completed before that of the second, the right of way would have been invalid.
2585	Halcro Johnston said it was time both parties “learnt to respect the democratic decisions of voters as reflected in the results of the EU and Scottish independence referendums”.
2586	Halton Borough Council’s Executive Board Member for Chlidren, Young People and Families, Cllr Tom McInerney, said: “Please share and encourage young people to come along and meet the team and have lots of fun.”
2587	Handelsbanken is a bank built on strong and lasting relationships and we focus first and foremost on satisfying our customers by providing the best local advice and service we can.
2588	Handling the information you send enables us to respond.
2589	Hand over finance, stop obsessing about the debt.
2590	Happened again today though.
2591	Happy International Women's Week to all women, men and non-binary people out there!
2592	Hardly surprising considering the hue's popularity of late, both on and off the catwalk.
2593	Harry tries to talk to Digby about Liv, and gets nothing for his trouble.
2594	Hartley Wintney Cricket Club was formed in 1770 and still play cricket today on one of the oldest pitches in the Country, Cricketers Green.
2595	Harvey Grenville, head of investigations and enforcement at the Charity Commission, said: “The public rightly expects charities to be safe and trusted environments where people are protected from harm, including the charity’s own staff and volunteers.
2596	Has a similar crime or incident happened to you before?
2597	Has had one UK owner since import and two American owners.
2598	Has he heard the contributions from distinguished lawyers, surgeons, architects and others, some of whom have more expertise than those in this place?
2599	Has sending the text MUSIC to 150 got this working for you?
2600	Hastings Corporation and its successors Hastings County Borough Council and, today, Hastings Borough Council held and continue to hold the land on those charitable trusts.
2601	Have a diversity concert to go to with daughter on april 9th at the MEN in manchester.
2602	Have any of the products supplied/intended to be supplied to Flogas been involved in any incident causing fire, damage or injury?
2603	Have any questions about how to increase website traffic for your online store?
2604	Have brought about the annual reckoning.
2605	Haven Lodge is slightly obscured by the tree but you get a clearer idea of the size of its grounds and its outbuildings.
2606	Havering Council opened the doors to its Safety pop-up shop in the Mercury Mall, Romford yesterday (11 December).
2607	Have you considered using strip maps instead?
2608	Have you discovered the new car park put in at the end of Salt Road (off Buckland Road) by the RSPB?
2609	Have you ever been to a boring meeting?
2610	Have you got a spare minute to add a review of Hounsfield Printing, Bristol?
2611	Have you got great organisational skills?
2612	Have you had any notable calls lately?
2613	Have you suffered from a back injury at work? find out how to claim compensation and get free advice.
2614	Having already achieved the MA in Teaching and Learning accreditation, I find constant critical reflection essential as it assists in the continual development of excellence in my personal practise and performance.
2615	Having been part of both movements I can see many similarities, but there are also differences which need to be respected.
2616	Having dropped points in a 0-0 draw with Lerwick Rangers, Thorfinn needed a win whilst a draw would be sufficient for East United.
2617	Having graduated from Yunnan Simao Normal College in 1980, he went on to study at the Central Academy of Fine Arts, graduating in 1990.
2618	Having said this, your primary concern should be the comfort of the interviewee (and this may mean they need to sit in their 'comfy chair').
2619	Having sealed unit double glazed uPVC windows to both side elevations, radiator and access to roof space.
2620	“Having the Apprentices in place has contributed to a fresh, young and vibrant feel in our team, Their energy and enthusiasm has affected others in a positive way.”
2621	Having uPVC double glazed entrance door with external canopy above and further door leading to:-
2622	Having visiting Krakow a few years ago, we chose this trip to explore more of Poland.
2623	Having window, television aerial point and telephone point, radiator, ceiling light point and French door leading out to the rear garden.
2624	Hawkins is an estate and letting agent offering various buying, selling, renting, letting and other services.
2625	Hayley Caine of Selling Made Easier, a Boost & Co partner, looks at ways Lancashire business owners can improve performance by thinking about selling in a different way.
2626	Hay on Wye CP at 52 miles which I reached in 17 hours, before carrying on.
2627	HCB only resumed power supplies to Zimbabwe when ZESA paid $10 million and pledged to make further payments on a regular basis.
2628	HC-One provides 24 hour Nursing care for older people who have health needs and either require greater support than can be provided in their current home, or who are recovering from a significant health issue.
2629	Head boy George Marler is going on to study medicine at Oxford.
2630	He added: "A total of four casualties were taken to hospital as a precaution by ambulance."
2631	He added: “From a group that features no BME people whatsoever, I feel any criticism of our diversity is incredibly hypocritical.”
2632	He added new traffic regulation orders would have to be considered and implemented on the individual roads.
2633	He added that the store was in a “wrangle” with its insurers, who had not yet paid up.
2634	He added: “Though their correct names are used, their thoughts and actions are, of course, pure fiction.
2635	Head Office hair salon oswestry supply original boxed and branded GHD straighteners and GHD stylers.
2636	Head of Regulatory Services, Steve Jorden said “Worcestershire residents should be wary of any doorstep cold callers or telephone callers.
2637	He adored Mary from the start and I felt at ease, making the transition as easy as it could be.
2638	Headteacher Allison Waters said: “We decided to raise funds after staff attending First Aid at Work courses discovered that the swift application of a defibrillator provides a much higher chance of surviving cardiac arrest.
2639	Head to the room that you want to clean up, spin around, take a peek through the spyglass and see if you spot any clutter.
2640	Head towards the coast at Tremadog Bay for gorgeous westerly sea views.
2641	He also loved English literature and the theatre; a paperback of one of Shakespeare's plays could often be seen peeping out of his jacket pocket.
2642	He also said it was a misconception in the referendum campaign that the EU had held back the UK in human rights law.
2643	He also wrote a book on the subject, “Too Little Too Late: The politics of climate change” ( 2009 Picnic Publishing).
2644	Health & Wellbeing Programme is an initiative dedicated to physical, mental, financial and environmental wellbeing at the MRC.
2645	He and his wife have a young son, who helps keep things real.
2646	Hearing loss is a side effect of some of the intravenous antibiotics used to treat the recurring chest infections associated with the genetic condition.
2647	Heart distress is not easy to overcome: habitual practices such as the hierarchy of food consumption in Tibetan households, for instance, constitute and express social and kin relations.
2648	He asked for details of what support and guidance the Council gave to such vulnerable people.
2649	Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a pan over medium heat; cook and stir the onion in the hot oil until tender, about 5 minutes.
2650	Heating, electricity, bed linen, towels and logs are included in the price.
2651	Heat pipe technology cools the LEDs to optimise longevity, without loss of brightness.
2652	Heat pumps are an amazingly effective solution to heating and cooling applications for all types of buildings, domestic, commercial and retail premises including hotels and residential complexes.
2653	Hebdenbridge.org has been set up by the Hebden Bridge Business Forum after receiving funding from the The Great British High Street Awards back in December 2016.
2654	He believes that excellence of service is the most important quality of a professional services firm.
2655	He can suddenly quicken, but you don't see that as he has a long, raking stride.
2656	He coordinated with us and when the carpet was installed he came straight over with the new sofa.
2657	He could be forgiven for being a bit tired and ratty, but he just laughs and says shift work has made him an ideal dad for night-time nappy duty.
2658	He could not have had better treatment if he had been royalty.
2659	“He described me as his best make, which I have to say brought a tear to my eye.
2660	He described the organisation as “Islamic nationalist”, and claimed it was hostile to the Salafis and Al-Qaida.
2661	He did not put a foot wrong at Glanford Park or Wembley.
2662	He dropped to his knees on the final whistle, endured a sleepless night in the hours following the loss and will wake up on this Bank Holiday morning wondering what might have been.
2663	He explained: "It felt very natural and it all just felt right.
2664	He feels that he may have been born and trained for his Chaplaincy in the current war, and sees God’s hand in his life.
2665	He had an unfortunate accident at work and we look forward to seeing him back very soon, but at the moment we don’t know how long he will be out of action for.”
2666	He had never questioned his parents’ support for Pétain and found the war a shattering experience.
2667	He had now lost two wives and eight children in total and wanted to live no longer.
2668	He has also made visible policing a priority for the Chief Constable, with efforts continuing to recruit more Police Officers and PCSOs.
2669	He has an electric stove that he felt he needed to use matches to light when a burner didn't come on he says.
2670	He has introduced a collaboration and innovation platform in the shape of Office 365 (a roll-out approaching 90% completion in over 100 countries and for nearly 40,000 staff).
2671	He has more than 20 years’ experience in training and development, which began with Iceland Frozen Foods and also gained valuable leadership and management experience with Tesco and Superdrug.
2672	He has strong associations with Keswick and greatly admired the view from Friar's Crag.
2673	He hears a large sum being bid and goes to look.
2674	He holds a PhD in law from Aarhus University Law School in Denmark (2010).
2675	He is 24 years old, so comes to us at a good age, and he’s also a good professional.
2676	He is also co-manager of BlackRock's Natural Resources Hedge Fund and manger of a number of segregated portfolios.
2677	He is an expert on property taxation issues such as capital allowances and has presented many times on the planning opportunities in this area to fellow professionals.
2678	He is an investor in and director of a variety of early-stage companies.
2679	He is a PC professional and a very nice guy.
2680	He is a very attractive and healthy cockerel, but he has started to fight with our other cockerel so he needs a good home.
2681	He is currently the leadcouncillor for housing and development at Islington Council, a role he has held since 2010.
2682	He is greatly honoured in New Zealand, where the Kiwi $5 bill carries his image.
2683	He is not as a distant hero or a figure in a novel but someone who gave his all on Calvary’s Cross, fulfilling his promise not to leave us comfortless but providing His Spirit into grateful hearts.
2684	He isn't a true villain, more a victim of the hard revolutionary times around 1789-1794.
2685	He is only 3lbs higher on Saturday and has to be respected.
2686	He is passionate about the work that we do and his extensive knowledge and experience will be essential in helping us reach our goal of supporting more of the participants who engage with our programmes.”
2687	He is pleased with the work completed in his new bathroom.
2688	He is recognised for his contribution to neurosurgery and neuro-oncology.
2689	He is said to have been an experienced motor-man.
2690	He is the current President of the International Economic Association and served as the President of the European Economic Association in 2010.
2691	He is the highly acclaimed maker of the famous "Spitfire Table", seen in several publications and also featured on the Channel 4 programme Four Rooms.
2692	He is the man the Tories decided was unfit to lead them, but still fit to manage and, as we are seeing, wreck the lives of the poorest people in the country.
2693	He joined Bulley Davey in 1992, becoming partner at the Huntingdon office in 1995 and subsequently relocated to our Wisbech office in 2006.
2694	Helen Ritchie, curator of the Fitzwilliam show, will guide our visit and will also introduce Flux: Parian unpacked, a new installation by ceramic artist Matt Smith.
2695	Helen Tordoff, head of cafés at Morrisons, said: "Our standard cooked breakfast is one of our most popular meals on the menu, but customers have asked for one that’s even bigger.
2696	He let the people of Israel return to Judaea, he allowed them to rebuild their temple in Jerusalem.
2697	Hello potential supporters of Women in Sheds!
2698	He loved Byatt’s signature cottage pie so much that Simon said to his then-girlfriend that if she could make it for him at home he’d marry her.
2699	Helpfully the Guardian newspaper pointed out that very few people speak Irish in Northern Ireland.
2700	Help, I cannot find the book I am looking for on the library shelves!
2701	Helping members achieve their goals and feel good about themselves makes my job very rewarding.
2702	Helping some of the biggest names on the high street to maximise their potential, including John Lewis and Amazon, we specialise in a number of sectors, from jewellery to furniture, home improvements to healthcare.
2703	Helping them through a single point of referral to find services available to support them without the anxious and often frustrating process of multiple assessments.
2704	Helps to build young children's vocabularly and the essential acquisition of language skills.
2705	Help with childcare costs Go to https://www.
2706	He made an enormous contribution to Sarcoma UK and also to the wider sarcoma community.
2707	He made no comments about the near collapse of the country's two privatised banks, BCM and Austral, in 2000 and 2001.
2708	He may be leaving his post soon - Bishop Llewellyn Gwynne (1863-1957) has written to say that he wants Christopher to be a Divisional Chaplain.
2709	Hemel have just one victory all season.
2710	Hence, he was well known to the police who frequently used to take him home in a police car.
2711	Hen Street in Bradninch, Exeter consists predominantly of terraced houses.
2712	He plans high level talks in the Chinese capital Beijing soon after Davos to discuss “mega deals in infrastructure and railways”.
2713	He played a critical role in ARI’s successful expansion into the UK in 2011 and its subsequent expansion into continental Europe in 2013.
2714	"He (Pleasant Company) seemed to get a little bit tired and then get a second wind.
2715	He pointed out that the number of high loan-to-income (LTI) mortgages has increased significantly over the past year and is now at a record high.
2716	He quickly sounded his horn and applied the emergency brake, causing the man to move out of the way.
2717	He quotes, “Instead of looking out the window and seeing aircraft, I could see aircraft carriers”.
2718	Her core strength is so much better and this has really helped keep her on her feet.
2719	Her cutting jibes, her ridiculous clothing and even her dancing was light relief from some of the more serious issues being dealt with throughout the play.
2720	Here are a few simple things you can do to better your surroundings, from Dave Rapaport, Vice President, Earth and Community Care at Aveda.
2721	Here are some of our Derby foster carers telling us about their own experiences.
2722	Here are some tips to help be successful at interviews.
2723	Here are the meeting rooms that are available for hire at our quality business centres.
2724	Here at DGHP, we’re now offering properties to buy through the Scottish Government’s New Supply Shared Equity Scheme (NSSE).
2725	Here at Hipster Sunnies, we know how important choosing the right pair of sunglasses to suit your lifestyle can be.
2726	Here at the Idea Farm we help you with ideas.
2727	He referred to the red indictor which was “On line contact to the service” that despite it being a long way off where it should be at the beginning of the year there had been improvement each quarter.
2728	Hereford Cathedral is one of the more popular sights to see as is the Old House, which is a merchant's house that dates back to Elizabethan times and has been well preserved.
2729	Here for the second time doing my best to keep up the Grant’s grand traditions, but I’m afraid I must begin with an admission.
2730	Here, my companion savoured a steak and chips while I once again sampled the local fruits de mer with a zesty crab linguine.
2731	Here’s an example of the speed results for a real site created with Website Builder.
2732	Here’s a sneak-peek of what’s in store for the next Shopify Masters episode.
2733	Here some answers to the big questions which the merger raises.
2734	Here's something you can try today.
2735	Here, we encourage table manners, socialisation and we talk about healthy eating.
2736	Here we have loads of bargain mattresses, bed frames and accessories for you to choose from!
2737	Here, we offer you the opportunity to have support and community involvement with the privacy and freedom of your own apartment.
2738	Here you’ll benefit from a strong network of peers, studying and working on the same course.
2739	Here you’ll find opportunities with companies who are clients of Hallidays.
2740	Here you'll spend three months conducting independent research with the opportunity to work with specialists at the Natural History Museum.
2741	Her head is adorned with a mural crown; her right arm, which holds a cornucopia almost empty, rests on the mariner's compass; and her left supports an anchor.
2742	He rightly reminded those present that the current state of affairs represented a major shift of power from workers and their trade unions to employers, whether they be contractual rights, statutory rights or trade union rights.
2743	Her interview provides an authorative overview of the Poverty in the UK research study.
2744	Her mother orchestrated the marriage and then threatened her daughter, who is now 19, with 'black magic' if she dared to speak out.
2745	Her mum comes down from Cheshire at the drop of a hat to help out.
2746	Heron Frozen Foods Ltd Bridlington Address: 2-3 Manor St, Bridlington, North Humberside YO15 2SA Phone:01262 400892 Heron Frozen Foods Ltd Bridlington is situated in Manor St, Bridlington.
2747	“Her parents were also chefs back in Thailand so when I finished my business I said let’s open up a restaurant.”
2748	Her suggestions for photos were brilliant.
2749	Hers were the last naked breasts to adorn page three, but the Sun's PR chief Dylan Sharpe was determined to keep everyone guessing, with hints that others may appear on other days.
2750	Hertfordshire County Council provides Household Waste Recycling Centres (tips/dumps).
2751	“Hertfordshire’s got everything, the four airports, Thameslink and quick access to things like theatres.
2752	Her three autobiographical novels are based on her early wandering years (which against all the odds she greatly enjoyed), her adolescence in London during the war, and finally on a brief return to Berlin as a young married woman.
2753	Her unique technique, directly applying the acrylic paint to the canvas using her fingers and hands, is easily recognizable in the dynamic and lively compositions.
2754	Her voice is finally being heard.
2755	Her works show images that are glimpsed and fragmented, flickering across the surface of aluminium.
2756	He's a busy guy.
2757	He said: “Emeli’s album, Our Version of Events, is a true work of art and a favourite of mine.
2758	He said, 'Gee I saw a lady just looked exactly like Momma Lucy.'
2759	He said he agreed with Weston’s MP John Penrose the JSP needs to be bolder by allowing multi-storey accommodation in towns.
2760	He said: “I feel I must send my love and every good and perfect wish for Easter.
2761	He said lots of people have been in contact about the app and so far the highest score is 250.
2762	He said: “Many of the victims linked to this case were tricked into sending money to criminals’ accounts after they were sent a spoof email with change of payment details.
2763	He said May will start with unsettled weather, although it should not be a particularly wet month.
2764	He said: "Our application is for a ‘certificate of lawfulness’ which is an application to regularise a planning matter and in essence, make the use lawful.
2765	He said: ‘’SAS Autoparts is a great business with outstanding customer and staff loyalty providing local service in the Yorkshire area and adds to our national strength.’
2766	He said there were up to thirty caravans, and that the travellers bent bars, allegedly breaking and entering the recreation ground.
2767	He’s also a follower of the ancient method of Ayurveda and never wears a watch.
2768	He’s a man who knows what he’s doing and that shows because this car, despite its on-paper problems and an inability to work out how fast it’s going, is utterly delightful.
2769	He's ambitious and always ready to help out.
2770	He says that incorporation - which allows landlords to offset the impact of April's tax changes - has now become standard practice.
2771	"He's been phenomenal.
2772	He seems to have done a bunk.
2773	He sees the picture.
2774	He's home now, but it was a scary time.
2775	He spends time sorting through some of the other theories before presenting the facts for his own Arthur, a Celtic prince who was active in the 6th century.
2776	He spoke to guests about Brightlife's excellent work with older people in Malpas.
2777	He spoke to World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea, last year, who told press that he’d put his love of bikes behind him for the time being.
2778	“He’s talked about how he’s done the same with a few players in the past like Robbie Farah.
2779	He surrendered himself at length, under promise of pardon, was conducted through the streets of London in a kind of mock triumph, and imprisoned.
2780	He then touched her inappropriately over her clothes.
2781	He told me that I had possible proliferative changes in both of my eyes but I had no idea what that meant for me at the time.
2782	He told me to grab his arm if he hurt me with his drill, not a very good sell in my book!
2783	He took it home, intending to report it and then forgot about it.
2784	He was also ordered to pay costs of £85 and a victim surcharge of £85.
2785	He was always doing his bounce at the end of the checkouts and chatting up the girls.
2786	He was duly arrested and held in the cells for two nights before being bailed for a month by Ebbw Vale magistrates.
2787	He was found guilty of high treason.
2788	He was jailed for 12 weeks, suspended for a year, and ordered to complete 200 hours’ unpaid work in the community.
2789	He was ordered to pay a total of £315.
2790	He was previously reporter for the Caernarfon Herald.
2791	He was proud to be selected after several interviews to join the Royal Hospital, Chelsea as a Chelsea Pensioner where he joins some of the veterans he already knows, although at 75 years old he’s still one of the youngest!
2792	He was replaced by Mark Kitching.
2793	He was spotted by a scout from Huddersfield while working as a railwayman and, after two years’ national service in Egypt, in 1952 he turned professional for the West Yorkshire club, then managed by Bill Shankly.
2794	He was such a great servant to us and gave us so many happy memories throughout his racing career, the highlight being of course 2015 Cheltenham Festival.
2795	He went above and beyond making the whole experience really relaxed.
2796	He will not go online and shop around in that way, but others will.
2797	He worked alongside Hopwood Hall College to develop community IT centres across the Borough and, as a result, was invited to join the College Corporation Board.
2798	He writes, 'In many ways working class reformist consciousness has remained remarkably consistent since the 1970s.
2799	HF ArtsFest programme will include, music, art exhibitions, walking tours, film screenings, drama, comedy readings, circus workshops and more.
2800	Hi Anthony, I'm afraid the rely function appears not the work with your comment so I am replying using a new post.
2801	Hickman, R. and Banister, D. (2012) Thinking strategically: pathways towards low carbon transport.
2802	High quality European coniferous timbers are cut into thin layers and laminated in a powerful hydraulic press to form its final shape.
2803	Hi Guys, Thanks for all your kind words yeasterday.
2804	Hi James, Thank you for the review we are happy to hear that you are pleased with the work and service that was carried out for you, Please feel free to contact us if you require our services again in the future, Kind Regards The Homeglaze Team.
2805	Hi Laurence, I think I have the answer you're looking for.
2806	​Hillingdon Hospital, Mount Vernon hospital, Harefield Medical Centre and the Hayes One Stop Shop (in the Botwell Green Sports and Leisure Centre) also offer replacement batteries.
2807	Hi-lo operation with 10m cable rewind system.
2808	Hi Louise Thank you for your response and the attached document.
2809	Hi, my name is Jane and I have always had a keen interest in keeping fit & maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
2810	“His actions have had a devastating effect on some of his victims and I hope this sentence provides some comfort to them and their families.
2811	His attempts to form an alliance with Henry Fox, the War Secretary, faltered and Pitt began to drift towards theopposition based in Leicester House, where the future George III, Frederick’s son, held court.
2812	“His attendance this year at the same time that repression has intensified highlights the clear hypocrisy of the current UK government, who continue to incentivise human rights abusers and reward them with a seat next to the Queen.”
2813	His carer says he can be fussy with his food and they're trying to introduce him to new foods.
2814	His eternal optimism is evidenced by his support of West Ham United FC.
2815	His father had been turning up at parents evening with his 'new wife' (who was at one time my best friend) He seemed not to turn up at the last one.
2816	His first recorded performance was on Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz album Kings of Crunk in 2002, after which he released his debut album, M.I.A.M.I., in 2004.
2817	His observations led to an ice atlas, Sea ice north of the USSR (1958) a model for similar atlases covering Arctic and Antarctic waters.
2818	His office support deserves a special mention – given the miles between his constituency and Westminster.
2819	His specialist area of archaeological research is the Neolithic period.
2820	Hi Steven, thank you for your question.
2821	His tireless dedication has changed the way the world sees and deals with sick and injured wildlife.
2822	Historic and current waste disposal activities within 1 km of the site.
2823	Historic England is doing a great job of digitising some of it.
2824	Historic features of the park will be restored, including the pavilions which will be used to provide community rooms and exhibition spaces.
2825	Historic windows of interest should be retained wherever possible using careful matching repair.
2826	Hiya im also having problems uploading my pictures did every thing ebay asked me to do.
2827	HMRC has said that it will issue further guidance later this year, which may set out a possible solution to the corporation tax issues.
2828	HMRC have indicated that, in the correct circumstances, late claims and amendments will be accepted in relation to this matter.
2829	HMRC will use the regular updates to provide an in year estimate of the tax liability enabling business owners to manage cash flow.
2830	Holder joins fellow partner Gavin Edwards and founder Warren Hutchinson at senior management level.
2831	Hole getting bigger.
2832	Holiday craft activity sessions Exciting craft activities inspired by the collections in the museum, every Thursday during during school holidays, including half-terms.
2833	Holiday Extras offers a full range of Attraction Tickets throughout all of Budapest.
2834	Holland Alexander has an experienced and friendly team who are able to deal with all aspects of surveying and valuation.
2835	Home appointments are available from Mon-Fri 9am-6pm.
2836	Home Hunter Ltd is an independent property search consultancy.
2837	Homeopathy has survived for centuries because of public opinion and it will continue to do so.
2838	Home Stagers specialises in “staging to sell” bespoke show homes, show home rental furniture and property presentation across the UK.
2839	Hon. Members, in their contributions today, gave similar examples.
2840	Hoping to win the Employer of the Year crown, sponsored by Assurant, are Crystal Legal, Everybody Sport & Recreation and the Headkase Group.
2841	Hop off at places such as Topkapi Palace, Hagia Sophia, the old great wall of Constantinople and the 4th century Roman Aqueduct and much much more!
2842	Horwood Lad continues to improve and beat a decent field in the Intermediate, partnered by Kieren Buckley.
2843	Hostelling is a fun, affordable way to explore Argyll and the Isles.
2844	Hosts receive a free Schwartz welcome kit.
2845	Hours of work are Monday to Friday 8.30am to 5.30pm.
2846	Households and businesses that apply for a subsidy will be asked to confirm there are no alternative affordable broadband services available to them that offer a broadband speed of at least 2 Mb per second.
2847	House prices to halve - the FTSE to fall by even more »
2848	HouseSimple is pleased to present this 2 bedroom 2 bathroom flat in London.
2849	Housing secretary Sajid Javid has confirmed that the government supports the creation of a new generation of town houses in cities in an attempt to ease pressure on ‘valuable’ open spaces and to help growing families.
2850	How about an art voucher for a 2 hour session on acrylic or watercolour painting techniques?
2851	How about Blue Point’s last two furlongs of 22.27s (40.4 mph) being 0.59s quicker (almost four lengths) than the brilliant mare Mecca’s Angel’s sectional at the same point 24 hours earlier?
2852	How about spotlights and speakers integrated into the ceiling?
2853	How about the risk of the 100% consent route and only having a 20% return from members?
2854	'How a person stands says something about him,' explains Alfons.
2855	How big do you want to go?
2856	How can I afford to make a claim against my financial advisor?
2857	How can I found out if my train is running on time?
2858	How can I help someone in a gang?
2859	How can innovations in BOP markets be shared with other markets/countries?
2860	How can I pay for the course/accommodation?
2861	How can I place a bulk eGift card order?
2862	How can I share or link to a comment?
2863	How could it be improved in your opinion?
2864	How does facilitating discussions about paintings by Van Gogh & Picasso open up amazing conversations between people with dementia living in care homes?
2865	How does the modern wedding DJ differ from the clichéd notion of an old school wedding DJ?
2866	How Do I Choose My Holiday?
2867	How do I contact Barclays Customer Services?
2868	How do I control an eelworm attack?
2869	How do I find out my iPhone's UDID?
2870	How do I place entries online using the bonus?
2871	How do stress response pathways impact resistance evolution?
2872	How do you get involved and try something new with Parkinson's?
2873	Howe'er my haps, my joys were ne'er begun.
2874	However, a better way to get deeper engagement on Facebook is to post updates on things that are not directly related to purchasing one of your products.
2875	However, a poorly designed personal knowledge infrastructure could lock the manager inside an information bubble, creating information biases and blind spots.
2876	However, are there any disadvantages to your health as a result of regularly participating in recreational or competitive sports, such as running?
2877	However a return to the same posture does not solve the long term problem.
2878	However, as only 2% of Scotland’s population live in the Highlands, it is essential to support self build in urban areas too, where there is an even greater housing need.
2879	However, because of the limitations on the Tribun du Peuple, Babeuf recognised the necessity for other forms of propaganda.
2880	However, by the time they arrived at the facility the blaze had been largely extinguished, although firefighters still spent about an hour and a half ensuring the scene was totally safe.
2881	However, changes to mortgage interest relief are seeing this gradually reduce to 20% by 2020.
2882	However, despite modest sales in her own lifetime, the author revolutionised novel writing.
2883	However, diesel rivals come pretty close to these figures and cost less to buy in the first place.
2884	However, domestic concerns have not blunted CFOs’ search for growth and opportunities.
2885	However, four of those have occupied the Town dugout in the past three seasons, with Barton set to become Town’s fifth since September 2015.
2886	However, he claims: “There is still a chronic shortage of vans.”
2887	However, here we report that intron 19 of CLEC16A, containing the most autoimmune disease-associated SNPs, appears to behave as a regulatory sequence, affecting the expression of a neighbouring gene, DEXI.
2888	However, ‘high survivability’ is not defined within the legislation.
2889	However, I am not going to pressurise him too much.
2890	However, if treated early, nearly all infections respond to appropriate treatment.
2891	However, if you possess a contactless card, we can issue you with a PIN to assign your card to your account.
2892	However, if you receive a housing benefit, the extra bedroom will not be eligible and you will have to make up the shortfall in your rent.
2893	However, if you want to work the box, the six-sped manual is perfectly suited to the power unit, with a super short throw and a lovely, precise mechanical action.
2894	However it is clear that employers need to take appropriate action for their own protection.
2895	However, it is encouraged to ensure the effective provision of guidance, support and protection for disabled staff so that the appropriate resources and specialist support can be identified and provided.
2896	However, it isn’t known for building interesting cars, often substituting infallibility for character and competence for quirkiness.
2897	However it is our job to make one of the best writing for your college activity and also you will most certainly return to us with new performs and papers, waiting to become written!
2898	However, it is worth noting that coeliac disease is not an allergy but an autoimmune disease where people cannot tolerate gluten - a protein found in some grains, particularly wheat, barley and rye.
2899	However, it’s up to you decide whether not upgrading is worth the diluted browsing experience and potential security risk.
2900	However, it would not reduce the surplus capacity as much as is desired by the DCSF.
2901	However, LPFT says it is not alone and adds it is having to be cleverer in the way it delivers services in order to maintain high levels of care.
2902	However, many individuals may feel reluctant to 'snitch' on colleagues.
2903	However, many of the complaints were accepted.
2904	However, May is not alone in promoting statements as facts that when scrutinised, fail to be accurate.
2905	However, mined areas are translucent, if held up to the light, and you can spot the caterpillar, or a dark circle where it has pupated.
2906	However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.
2907	However, one of the key points about the forestry report is that it is not just about the environment or leisure but has profound economic opportunities and implications for rural areas.
2908	However parking is limited, there are some visitor spaces in the school car park and some laybys.
2909	However, please leave a massage and we will return your call.
2910	However police said they are continuing to investigate the burglary.
2911	However, Press Gazette has been told by well-placed sources in sports journalism that no other national newspaper staff have been sent, with others relying on agency copy.
2912	However, selected pieces are then wrapped in foils, creating defined lightness to blend seamlessly with the softer tones.
2913	However, some people with this level of gross income who are supporting families have incomes below the minimum, mainly because gross income includes tax credits and benefits, which contribute to meeting the cost of additional family members.
2914	However, special rules and guidelines govern conservation areas and listed buildings.
2915	However, the Council understands that residents are concerned about dog fouling, which is why reported incidents of dog mess will be removed from roads, parks, play areas or the beach within 24 hours of receipt.
2916	However the entrance to the McDonald’s at Rush Green roundabout isn’t not the responsibility of the fast-food chain, it falls to Hertfordshire County Council Highways.
2917	However, the increase in prices has pushed the US stockmarket to valuations that appear high on some measures.
2918	However the match official was persuaded substitute Danny Meadowcroft had handled during a scramble inside the area only moments after his introduction.
2919	However, the news was not so good for the second and third XIs as both of them were beaten.
2920	However, the notifier subsequently wishes to use the same location for work with GMMs, whether or not connected with the activities involving GM animals.
2921	However Theo Stair’s brace gave Hanley hope they might pinch a point.
2922	However, the real star of the show for the university was Hennessey.
2923	However, there are a few manufacturing, construction and finance companies that continue to comprise the market structure of Slough.
2924	However, there is an increasing chance of more changeable, breezier interludes, with rain or showers moving in from the west, more especially for northern parts of the UK.
2925	However, the return on investment for applying your logo, what you do and how people can contact you to your vehicle (or building for that matter) is staggering.
2926	However, they got more than they bargained for.
2927	However this is probably not on the line of the route and is very narrow.
2928	However, this is still expected to go ahead and the government has been consulting on plans for a single body model.
2929	However, this type of finance means relinquishing some control and investors often expect to be consulted before any management decisions are made.
2930	However, to use all the functionalities of fanSALE, the user first has to register.
2931	However, two adults were sitting in the box today, one with its wing over the other in what looked like a gentle embrace.
2932	However, we also said that we didn’t know whether enforcement action would be effective, since it is not clear what has happened to the assets.
2933	However, we did not need to determine this point as the first argument succeeded.
2934	However, we recommend that learners complete their 17th Edition before attempting this course.
2935	However, when skin cells become damaged or unhealthy, extra melanin is produced to help protect your skin.
2936	However where the sale is to another member of a group there is no taxable gain unless the transferee company leaves the group within six years.
2937	However, XYZ Limited has accumulated £700,000 of cash, which is retained by the business.
2938	However you can set up separate sites during the registration process.
2939	However, you must know that renting a house from agents is more often than not more expensive than directly renting from landlords.
2940	However you will be able to transfer your subscription(s) to a new address in St Helens.
2941	However, you will need a 4-diget Personal Identification Number (PIN) in order to use ATMs in the UK, so make sure that you know yours and that it will be compatible - if you haven't got one, ask your bank to issue one and check which network to use.
2942	How hard can it be to make sure the record stays in the UK?", he said.
2943	How have pupils at Audlem St James' CofE Primary School done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does it compare to local authority and national averages?
2944	How is the GDPR law different from the DPA?
2945	How long does software development take?
2946	How many electric vehicles do you have on your fleet?
2947	How mobile point of sale hardware can help enhance the customer experience.
2948	How much can I claim for restaurant accident and illness claims.
2949	How much does a pet passport cost?
2950	« How much should I pay for bookkeeping?
2951	How on earth does one choose?
2952	How soon can I petition for divorce?
2953	How the fraudster relates to ‘Where’s Wally’
2954	How to avoid another Windrush – talk to young people and.
2955	How to get your website right.
2956	How to Grow Your Business with Interconnected SystemsInterconnect your platforms to align your teams and work as one.
2957	How will my cat react to my new baby?
2958	How would you feel if Tiger Woods won another golf major?
2959	How would you react?
2960	How your benefits are paid - redditchbc.
2961	Hubble Bubble, located in Westgate Street, dished out an epic takedown of a reviewer who criticised the food, staff and prices at the cafe - rated the eighth best in Gloucester on the site.
2962	Huge Brexit boost for Britain as Toyota announces new.
2963	Huge thank you to all the ladies…
2964	Hull family's fury as boy, 2, 'expelled' from Panda Nursery for scratching other children's facesDanny McKenzie-Love's grandma has spoken out and insists he is 'not a bad child'
2965	Human bocaviruses are highly diverse, dispersed, recombination prone, and prevalent in enteric infections.
2966	“Humans just can't process all the information involved.
2967	Hundreds have already registered to walk just for fun or to raise sponsorship for a host of good causes.
2968	Hundreds of Kiwis, Aussies and interested tour groups gathered along Whitehall for the servicemen parade and brief remembrance service at 11am.
2969	Hundreds of poorly insulated properties in South Ayrshire are benefitting from lower running costs thanks to an ongoing energy efficiency drive.
2970	Hundreds of thousands of pounds will be put into strengthening specialist community perinatal mental health services to make sure more practical help can be offered to women with complex mental health needs, as well as their families.
2971	Huntly Castle once dominated the area and still retains an enigmatic presence.
2972	Hurry - this promotion must end next week (May 31st).
2973	HYCS provides humanistic counselling at the main centre in Isleworth and two outreach locations in HMP Feltham Young Offenders Institution and in seven local schools.
2974	Hylands House is another attraction especially with its setting within the vast beautiful grounds of Hylands Park which also hosts V Festival.
2975	I agree totally and it really is different for everyone.
2976	I aim to offer a safe place where you can talk freely and use my professional experience and training to help you find your way through your personal difficulties.
2977	Iain Duncan Smith at the development in Whitehall Road, Woodford Green.
2978	I already have seven!
2979	I also consider the extent to which a large central bank balance sheet in normal times may be desirable.
2980	I also look forward to working with the various coaches and wider network.'
2981	I also paired them with a Bridgedale Coolmax Liner sock.
2982	I also trained as an NLP Practitioner and Clinical and Analytical Hypnotherapist.
2983	I also want to raise the impact of the bedroom tax on serving members of the armed forces and their families, as alluded to by my hon.
2984	I also won a scholarship which was applicable here, allowing me to study abroad.
2985	I am a beautiful blonde with a touch of class, 5ft 8in, a perfect size ten and I am in my early thirties.
2986	I am a big fan of Tori Black's work so it was only right to buy her Fleshlight!
2987	I am absolutely satisfied with the service provided at the West London Centre of Orthodontics.
2988	I am a Cognitive Behavioural Therapist, with 20 years of experience, helping clients with affordable CBT for a wide range of difficulties.
2989	I am a deeply empathetic and warm counsellor who is caring and non-judgemental.
2990	I am a frequent eater at Madame Mews - Probably there once a fortnight, and although its not on a main street or busy shopping area its set in amongst quite a few eateries now.
2991	I am a London event photographer shooting events and conferences in London, UK and abroad.
2992	I am also fluent in Welsh and English, depending on preference.
2993	I am also interested in other questions in evolution, and am working with several archaeologists.
2994	I am a portfolio landlord, what do I need to do?
2995	I am a third year BBSRC funded DPhil student studying electrosensing in the weakly electric fish, Gnathonemus petersii.
2996	I am confident that this coming decade will see support for people with mental health problems transformed into care worthy of our people, which truly values our physical and mental health equally.
2997	I am delighted to be involved in this challenge again and look forward to seeing what the pupils come up with!”
2998	“I am grateful to Andy Fry and the Independent Commission for their work.
2999	I am happy to take the opportunity to repeat that support today.
3000	I am happy with my purchase and now wish I had bought it sooner (the price put me off and I wasn't convinced it would do the job); it can't just be coincidence that the well established bad moggie gang are now leaving us in peace.
3001	I am interested in this 2 bedroom retirement Retirement-Property for sale, priced at £604,950.
3002	I am my own worse enemy, I can give advice but can’t seem to absorb and act upon my own.
3003	I am now lucky to have two great new colleagues: George Arbuthnott and David Collins, who are blazing a trail with their work exposing doping in athletics.
3004	I am particularly inspired by the concept of creative pattern cutting.
3005	I am pleased that both Jamie and Sam were helpful and went the extra mile for you.
3006	I am qualified as a respiratory physiotherapist and Cognitive behavioural therapist(CBT) and have worked at UEL for 15 years, though I still practice in the NHS.
3007	I am really intrigued by their history, culture and, of course, Japanese cuisine.
3008	I am reassured whenever I look back on the work I produced during my first and second years and seeing the noticeable difference in quality when compared to the work I was producing in my final year.
3009	I am sold ltd have been great from start to completing, they could not have been better.
3010	I am sure he recognises that, but I had to make that point.
3011	I am sure that this hotel will be top of our choices when we decide to return to Turkey.
3012	I am the landlord and I have called to tell you how professional and knowledgeable Ben was.
3013	I am very experienced stylist who has been in the profession for over 20 years working internationally as well as in the UK.
3014	I am very happy; so thank you.
3015	I am very happy with my local Aldi store, the staff is friendly and helpful and the check outs are quick, as soon as a queue is forming they open up another till.
3016	I am very pleased that the site of the former Ysgol Delyn has been used to provide much-needed affordable housing for Mold people today."
3017	“I am very pleased that this rigorous review found that we provided a sound service.
3018	“I am worried about seeing them less, and will look forward to inset days.
3019	I asked him for his thoughts on why executive pay is still on that steep upward curve.
3020	I began by appealing for their help.
3021	I began to look on the Dogs Trust website and Jake (his name there) just seemed to be still there when others would come and go.
3022	I can come across as a bit shy at first, but once you get to know me I'm a social butterfly and enjoy being around people.
3023	I cannot rate Michelle's lash extensions highly enough.
3024	"I cannot see the U.S. being an honest broker, whatsoever, as far as the Palestinian public is concerned," he added.
3025	I cannot see where to add this and what cost?
3026	I cannot wait for my contract to end in 3 months!
3027	I can see that there are political reasons for wanting to remain in the EU.
3028	Iceland, the second largest island in Europe, is a natural wonder of active volcanoes, glaciers, fjords, desert plateaus, and a midnight sun.
3029	Iceland will be hoping to advance further than the quarter-finals, which is as far as they went when competing at their first ever major tournament in France two years ago.
3030	Ice the cake all over with the chocolate icing with a palette knife.
3031	ICF isn’t just quick; it’s intuitive, too.
3032	I changed them over the phone.
3033	I conclude without any hesitation that, yes, it must be right to rectify a historical discrimination against women.
3034	I consider we are making a real sacrifice when we decide to break a lance with these opponents.
3035	I could set my watch by his arrival time.
3036	I cried a single glistening tear for the fossil that time and everybody, probably quite rightly, forgot.
3037	Ida Seator (winter handicap, 7.5) was in first place with 40.5.
3038	I’d be open to anything.
3039	Ideal for weekends away, this discreet case is perfect for housing your favourite vibrators and other pleasure essentials.
3040	Ideally, three or four days before, this ensures it doesn’t contain any liquid that can cause a mess.
3041	Ideally you would be in good health with no incidences of heart problems or other disease or condition that would increase the dangers associated with surgery.
3042	Ideal to have sundowners on the balcony before heading out for dinner to one of the local restaurants walking distance away.
3043	I decide to drink half of my water on the first day (8 litres), then half of what is left on the second day (4 litres), then half of what is left on the third day etc. When will my water run out?
3044	I'd go down to my grandpa's on a Sunday and he'd be making classic beef ragu, Bolognese, meatballs - without fail every Sunday.
3045	I did not take any notice anyway.
3046	I didn’t get the chance in 2014, I went to the world juniors instead so to go to Australia, a place I’ve never competed in, is great.”
3047	I didn’t have anyone to talk to.
3048	I didn’t really have any cares or worries and looked forward to the future and what I could do with my life.
3049	"I didn't see what happened because I decided to take another route but cars are stopped still - I've heard it's backed up to Bracebridge Heath and beyond.
3050	I did the best I could today.”
3051	I did use my week finding various things that needed to be looked at and faxed and left a list for Stewart's information.
3052	I'd like to buy this Geberit wc frame, could you, please, just let me know which Geberit flush plate would match this?
3053	“I’d like to put what I’ve learnt to good use and work in a pet shop or at kennels.”
3054	I do get a lot of loose which is particularly noticeable when I run - it wobbles just like a jelly, as you could see in those pictures Forza did of one of my early work-outs.
3055	I do not have a bird list but we did hear a distannt buzzard probably over the moors.
3056	I do not think that there is an argument about that.
3057	“I don’t accept a poor level of service and uncertainty from any other category of procurement so despite everyone telling me I couldn’t and its too difficult for me to understand, we pulled together as a local group and set about challenging Energy.
3058	I don’t know about putting the staff under strain.
3059	I don't like it when it…
3060	I don’t see an improvement in any way.
3061	I don’t see there being great risks for reversal.
3062	I don’t support it.
3063	I don't think a rating system is a bad idea at all.
3064	I don’t think we will be pushed as far as making it to the play-offs, but we should still do better than what we’ve done this season.
3065	I don’t understand, how can the part-exchange value of my car change?
3066	I don’t want to take part.
3067	I’d recommend instead generating a single discount code that can be used an infinite number of times, but making sure that it is only available for a certain time period.
3068	I’d say the most important skill you already have is time management; sometimes it can be difficult to juggle your work and studying commitments.
3069	Idyllic country homes that attract older home-movers are less likely to see high demand from tenants.
3070	I eat at 7 (breakfast) and stick to the schedule even off the boat.
3071	I ended up with it tied together with string and glue until one final fall-from my ground floor window too.
3072	I explain to her that, having worked for years in the voluntary sector, I have interviewed hundreds of people in a variety of settings on all manner of subjects.
3073	“I extend my congratulations to the team for their hard work in securing this achievement and wish them the best of luck for the ceremony at Newbury on Thursday 16 November where we’ll see if they can join our esteemed list of winners.”
3074	If Abingdon Hydro had any public relations nous they would have long since apologised for what was done and to have publicised a plan to restore the affected area.
3075	If a CCJ is granted against you and you don’t pay the amount required within a month, details are made publicly available on a court register for six years.
3076	If a couple are jointly adopting a child, only one partner will be able to take adoption leave.
3077	If after witnessing the noise we are satisfied that a nuisance is occurring, we will serve an Abatement Notice on the person(s) causing the nuisance.
3078	If a landlord is required to give more than two months’ notice (for example where rent is payable quarterly rather than monthly), the proceedings must be brought within four months from the termination date specified in the section 21 notice.
3079	If all of these are built there will be a 40 per cent increase in the number of households in the borough.
3080	If all roads lead to London, then they all must also lead to The Terrace on the Strand.
3081	If a local variable is only assigned a value once, assign it that value at its declaration, if possible.
3082	If anything, a pay rise is likely to be more motivational for a low earner than a high earner.
3083	If anything comes up, I will have to see the options.”
3084	If anything does come then you should try to complete this part of the manoeuvre and then wait for them to pass.
3085	‘If anything, our findings suggest the broader family context, how parents set rules about digital screen time, and if they’re actively engaged in exploring the digital world together, are more important than the raw screen time.
3086	If, as some people on the left claim, the term "imperialism" is out of date, who are the world's multinationals depending on to defend their interests?
3087	If at all possible, go to bed with baby for a day or two.
3088	If becoming a Driving Instructor was easy, we’d all do it and the roads would be full of instructors.
3089	If changes are made to minimum levels of insurance or to the types of consumer that are covered by the MTC, this increases the need for clients to be clearly informed of the protections that are in place.
3090	If contemporary settings are more your thing, Canary Wharf’s lofty glass towers soar above the rink during the festive period, whilst the 8,000 LED lights tie in to this year’s theme of LuminoCity.
3091	If Dauphin and the rest will be but ruled.
3092	I fear that transparency, or rather pressure to disclose more and more in the name of transparency, is a veiled attempt to find “dirt” to throw at the sector.
3093	I feel it gives the book more of a personal feel.
3094	I feel that allows you to really enjoy that cheese to the max, without other cheeses diluting the mix, or over-filling the stomach.
3095	I felt the Tea itself wasn't the best.
3096	If English isn't your main language, you can take a course to help you improve your English.
3097	If ever a band should be booked to entertain the crowds, this is it!
3098	If everyone boiled only the water they needed, e.g. to make a cup of tea, instead of "filling" the kettle every time, we could save enough electricity in a year to run more than three quarters of the street lighting in the country.
3099	If for poetry semantics and sonics are equally important, as I believe they are, then Heaney’s line, and perhaps his translation broadly, contains more of the original than Burrow suggests the line in question ‘literally’ says.
3100	If I had to go in myself all they would be interested in is sending him somewhere else, with your help I got the school to put support in for him to stay.
3101	If I’m honest for the first time in a while, I’m genuinely looking forward to Ramadan.
3102	I find this oddly reassuring, a relief to know that the roller coaster of content marketing hasn’t been a solo ride.
3103	If interested, please send us an email (including your CV) no later than 15th June.
3104	If I saw the cops coming, I switched the engine off at the traffic lights.
3105	If it can change our relationship with tobacco, it can change how we consume too.
3106	If it changes every week, you’ll confuse your audience.
3107	If it does not, we request submission of additional information or an amended application.
3108	If it is clear that the trusts are no longer required to save following the death of the first spouse/civil partner, then the have the power to terminate the trust by exercising their discretion to give the nil rate band assets to the surviving spouse.
3109	If it is wrong they will put it right and inform us so that we can update your council tax bill.
3110	If it requires recruitment businesses to make subjective decisions about a contractor's employment status, then they will be forced to err on the side of caution and assume all PSC contractors are employees for income tax and National Insurance purposes.
3111	If I understand correctly, that’s what concerns you most.
3112	If I was wearing glasses or a white stick people would compensate for that.
3113	If life were suddenly to disappear, these gases would quickly react and combine with each other, and these characteristic "bio-signatures" would disappear too.
3114	If meeting monthly repayments is hard or you have lots of different loans and cards then it’s a good idea to review your debt and see if you can reduce it.
3115	If needed we were prepared for a trolley dash to the wards.
3116	If no written reports are available, please indicate the date on which the most recent report was conducted and the outcome o! f the visit.
3117	If one of you dies, or if you divorce or separate, you'll still get Married Couple's Allowance for the whole of that tax year.
3118	If repairs are not done satisfactorily, or we have failed to do them, you may be entitled to compensation.
3119	If something in the report is underlined in blue it means you can select it to get a further level of data and detail.
3120	If something were to happen to you to prevent you from continuing to provide treatment for your clients, your client records would be of great benefit to the next treating therapist to ensure continuity of appropriate care.
3121	If Spotify is down right now, then our readers will report a status update today below and you can also share yours as well.
3122	If the base of a ladder is placed on a wet, soft, or slippery surface, it may cause the ladder to slip during use.
3123	If the biomarker’s results were used in direct care, the researchers say 40 per cent fewer unnecessary procedures would be performed on patients with benign nodules.
3124	If the buyer does so all sums whatever owing by the Buyer to the Company shall forthwith become due and payable.
3125	If the entrant is not a winner, this will be displayed in writing on the screen after entry.
3126	If the event is cancelled, abandoned or postponed and it is: (i) not rescheduled; or (ii) it is rescheduled but you are unable to attend on the rescheduled event date, you will be entitled to a full refund of the face value of the ticket(s).
3127	If their initial appeals are rejected, they can apply for permission to appeal to the Supreme Court.
3128	If the patient doesn’t get treated then coma will set in and the patient will lose consciousness – about 50% people will then die.
3129	If the premiums have been offset against profits, any payout from the policy will form part of the company’s revenue (trading receipts) for that year, which may increase your overall Corporate Tax bill.
3130	If the prize is unclaimed after this time, it will lapse and the University reserves the right to offer the unclaimed prize to a substitute winner.
3131	If there is not a delay, or once we resolve your delay within the timescale, we will serve you a counter notice.
3132	If there were any jitters, though, after Anderson’s early strike, they did not last long.
3133	If the seat is more than 5 years old do not use it, it may have been in a crash and older baby car seats may not fit in new model cars.
3134	If the sentinel nodes do not contain cancer, it is very unlikely that any other lymph nodes are affected.
3135	If the situation requires a longer investigation, we will contact you within 10 working days to inform you of this and let you know when you can expect our response.
3136	If the UK is to implement a credible system to collect accurate data, HMG must resource the process with more than the minimal £2m forecast in the IA.
3137	If the winner cannot be contacted or is not available, or has not claimed their prize within 21 days of the Announcement Date, WME reserves the right to offer the prize to the next eligible entrant selected from the correct entries that were received.
3138	If they are left alone they usually present no serious risk to humans or animals.
3139	If they are over-72, it will tell them how they can get advice as to whether that is appropriate for them.
3140	If they were to find a way back into the game it was essential Bedwas scored first and they duly obliged with Adam Williams exploiting a gap to cross for a try.
3141	If things do go wrong, you may then have to call in a specialist to fix your mistakes – and this could leave you seriously out of pocket.
3142	If this asset type is going to be the child of another asset type then you can option specify terms for the system to use to describe it's parent/s.
3143	If this expression evaluates to a higher number for a pending resource request than it does for the current request, the machine may preempt the current request (enters the Preempting/Vacating state).
3144	If this is not an option for you tickets can also be booked by email via the Access Officer.
3145	If this is not possible, telephone the register office for further information.
3146	If this is so, the counsellor will help each person to get individual specialist support from Relate or another agency.
3147	If this is the case, then Sodexo will advise the Customer when the price list that covers the Event becomes available.
3148	If this is the case we've saved the best to last; the cellars, there's enough space in here to store your favourite vintage bottles.
3149	If this sounds right then we can help you make the best of your teeth or smile and eat more comfortably and treatment usually lasts from 18 months to two years.
3150	If this was an issue why was it not debated at the proper forum – at the council meeting?
3151	If those places are boarded-up, crumbling down, third-division, it’s not great.
3152	If we are prevented, because of circumstances out with our control, e.g. from putting our property at the disposal of the Hirer, all advance payments shall be returned in full, but the Hirer shall have no further claim against us.
3153	“If we are to attract the 400,000 recruits per year that the built environment needs, it’s vital that the whole industry comes together to better explain and promote to the public what we do.
3154	If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will refund you for the Products.
3155	If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will ask you directly for your expressed consent.
3156	If we can’t provide the information you need directly, we’ll point you to somewhere that can.
3157	If we haven't covered everything you need you can always take out additional cover with your policy.
3158	If wider benefits can be achieved, the appropriate funding bodies should agree on how the costs of making safety improvements will be met.
3159	If within one year your item becomes defective, Rockport's promise is to replace your purchase free-of-charge.
3160	If yes, when do I do this?
3161	If you amend your name, address or email in an application form, it will automatically update your personal details.
3162	If you are absent from work for health reasons then our Sickness Absence Guidelines will provide information on the procedures for dealing with sickness absence.
3163	If you are aged between 17-55 and in general good health, you can register for a home swab kit at dkms.
3164	If you are allowed to access your money before the end of a loan term, you may also have to pay a percentage of the cash you've lent.
3165	If you are an organisation working in or for the National Park and looking to recruit volunteers, you can register as a volunteering organisation and add information about the sorts of work you would like volunteers to help with.
3166	If you are a remember of a trade union or have an employee representative, you could ask for their aid in resolving the problem.
3167	If you are at all embarrassed about your unwanted hair, you can enjoy the confidence that it won’t be seen again.
3168	If you are coming from the train station, turn right as you leave building and then circle around to your left.
3169	If you are considering property investment or acquiring a lease on a commercial property in the Derbyshire area we, at Buckler Spencer, can help you to make property acquisitions in a tax efficient manner.
3170	If you are experiencing mental health problems, text SOS to 07766808222.
3171	If you are facing financial hardship trough your business it's important that you speak to someone as soon as possible.
3172	If you are feeling lost and isolated; struggling with loss or bereavement; anxious or depressed; experiencing a lack of self worth; in a difficult relationship; troubled by trauma or needing to discuss a personal crisis I can help at TLC Counselling.
3173	If you are feeling really tired and struggling to cope, talk to your health visitor or GP.
3174	If you are following a Master’s course, your Faculty or Department is responsible for arranging lectures and other activities, and for supervision of your research project or dissertation.
3175	If you are interested in council owned sheltered housing in East Renfrewshire, you can arrange a visit to have a look at what it's like.
3176	If you are interested in supporting the anti-war movement here in Britain, we would be delighted to hear from you.
3177	If you are late for the shift they let you know about 20 minutes before you start you will be labeled as unreliable and a last resort.
3178	If you are looking for a classic cross to embellish your loved one’s headstone, then we have these simple designs for you to choose from.
3179	If you are not entirely satisfied with the result we would then return and re-clean the area again absolutely free of charge.
3180	If you are not satisfied with the response you have received from us you can contact us again to see if there is any other way of resolving your complaint.
3181	If you are not satisfied with the response you have received you should escalate your concern or complaint to our Director of Risk & Compliance.
3182	If you are one to clean often, get yourself a pair of gloves to protect your nails.
3183	If you are put in touch with a partner, neither of you are under an obligation to agree, nor will it affect your housing application if you refuse to swap.
3184	If you are reading this advice article, you may already be questioning whether your relationship is healthy or abusive.
3185	If you are requesting personal information, please state precisely in whose name the information is held.
3186	If you are required to make a contribution, but don’t do so, your application will be refused.
3187	If you are running an event it is much easier to get feedback at the time.
3188	If you are securing livestock you can attach some wire mesh to the chestnut post.
3189	If you are travelling to a Commonwealth country or a British overseas territory, you must complete a visa application form online.
3190	If you are unable to attend, you can send someone else in your place provided that person meets the entry requirements of the course.
3191	If you are unsure you can use our to verify the identity of all the individuals and companies that are part of this scheme.
3192	“If you ask a Tamil person, they would love to see a separate state,” said David Poopalapillai, national spokesperson of the CTC.
3193	If you believe we maintain your personal data under the scope of service mentioned above, you may direct any enquiries or complaints to us at the above address.
3194	If you believe your credit score has been negatively affected by previous issues with your borrowing, we may still have an unsecured finance option available for you, which is that of a guarantor loan.
3195	“If you can avoid calling for an ambulance or avoid calling the police or fire service, please do.
3196	If you cancel more than two appointments, the service also reserves the right to discharge you.
3197	If you cancel your policy before the expiry date then you won't receive a full years no claims discount entitlement.
3198	If you cannot resolve your complaint with Nails Inc, Resolver enables you to escalate it to the relevant regulatory body – the contents of your case file is sent as supporting evidence.
3199	If you choose an agent you do not have to go for a High Street presence, many independent agents offer an excellent and personal service.
3200	If you did not authorise the transaction you can claim a refund.
3201	If you’d like to discuss further, please contact us on 01799 582886 or email Development.
3202	If you'd like to talk to someone about the grant, David Morris at Savills is available on 07870 999126.
3203	If you do not agree to the revised delivery / performance date We will reimburse any sum paid as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days beginning with the day after the day on which the Period for Performance expired.
3204	If you do not keep up with payments, you risk losing your entitlement to a garage.
3205	If you don't know much about the Pre-U and would like to read about the curriculum, please see the CIE (Exam Board) website.
3206	If you don’t wish to use the Joint Passport service, we will refund you the extra £10 you will be charged when booking online.
3207	If you do want to rely on consent, the GDPR acknowledges that if you are collecting personal data for scientific research, you may not be able to fully specify your precise purposes in advance.
3208	If you'd rather a paper membership application form -
3209	If you end your tenancy you may be able to get compensation for some improvements.
3210	If you fail to keep to your agreed payments they'll return to your home and take these goods to cover the debt.
3211	If you feel inspired to nominate someone for a MBE or CBE then you can find all of te information you need below.
3212	If you gave us your consent to use your data, e.g. so that we can send you marketing emails, you can withdraw your consent.
3213	If you have a capacity for appreciating music, you hear some of Chuck’s things once, and they stay with you –you retain them.
3214	If you have a cat with a history of arthritis or other inflammatory conditions, consult your vet and try to devise a diet which will control the pH acidity levels in their urine and reduce the chance of them suffering again in future.
3215	If you have additional savings or investments, you should review them regularly to make sure your money is working as hard as possible for you.
3216	If you have already signed up and paid for a commercial alternative to TPS by mistake, don’t worry you can still take action.
3217	If you have a meter this is easy to check.
3218	If you have any existing direct debits you don’t need to do anything – the sort code will automatically be updated for you.
3219	If you have any queries about your pay you should contact the Payroll Section.
3220	If you have any questions about the data held please contact Maria Caulfield MP for Lewes via the contact information on this website.
3221	If you have any questions about this project, please call Project Manager Scott McClymont on 07776 162 901 during office hours (8am-4pm), or call our Customer Service team on 0800 912 1700 outside these times.
3222	If you have a prepayment meter, you need to know how much you spend over a year, so for example, how much do you spend on gas over summer?
3223	If you have a problem during your holiday, please inform the relevant supplier (e.g. your hotelier) and our resort representative immediately who will endeavour to put things right.
3224	If you have a UK bank account, you can switch to Barclays by speaking to one of our Community Bankers in branch.
3225	If you have forgotten your password, please enter the email address with which you are registered.
3226	If you have little ones in tow, the city is also full of outstanding family-friendly attractions.
3227	If you have not been taken or informed of any delay within 30 minutes, please make a member of staff aware.
3228	If you have recently submitted an application or are thinking about submitting an application, please contact the for further guidance.
3229	If you have the time in your busy schedule, make the short drive to Park Penallta and enjoy some spectacular views of the Welsh countryside.
3230	If you have to stop work or work part-time because of your MS, you may find it difficult to cope financially.
3231	If you like the sound of what we do and think we could help you, why not get in touch and tell us a little bit about you?
3232	If you looked at the postwar presidencies that ran across two terms, and then at who won the mid-terms in the sixth year, you would have been able to predict the presidential result two years later in all but one or two cases.
3233	If you lose your job (or stop working for other reasons) within the first 12 months of working in the UK, you will stop being classed as a worker.
3234	"If you love art, folly or the bright eyes of children, speed to Pollock’s’."
3235	If you need car finance but can't get credit in Coalville, don't despair the answer is here!
3236	If you need help in designing a commercial poster contact the University Design Studio.
3237	If you need to cancel we’ll make that as painless as possible.
3238	If you own the UK property jointly with someone else you both need to fill in an application form.
3239	“If you play to your best and you get beat then fair enough, it’s not our day.
3240	If your 2018/19 income is set to rise by more than £2,500 then you may be paid too much tax credits and will have to make a repayment next tax year.
3241	If your business is in the Sutton Coldfield area we would be delighted to discuss Limited Liability Partnerships with you and demonstrate what the impact on your business would be.
3242	If your child goes to a special school in England, Wales or Northern Ireland, you need permission from your local authority or education authority to withdraw your child's name from the school register.
3243	If your content doesn't fit all of these, a new website may still be suitable if there is a valid legal or strategic requirement for it to be separate from the SCC website.
3244	If you really want to get away from it all in the UK, you have to jump ship to one of Britain’s small island outposts.
3245	If you’re a low-traffic site, A/B testing is probably not the best optimization effort for you.
3246	If you’re a member of a workplace defined contribution pension scheme and your employer continues to pay you when you’re ill, they will also continue to pay their contributions into your pension scheme.
3247	If you’re at the seminar and would like to learn more about Nestoria or have some ideas of how we could improve our property search then please say hello.
3248	If you recognise yourself or the vehicle you were in please get in touch on collision.
3249	If you’re entering a village show, whatever category, get hold of a copy of the entry requirements.
3250	If you're flying from Southampton Airport, gosimply can make your pennies go that little bit further.
3251	If you’re in credit, you’re in the draw and if you win, your cheque’s in the post.
3252	If you’re into exploring top-notch gastropub cuisine while downing a couple of pints, the Duchess will capture your heart.
3253	If you’re looking for real roller skate action, excitement and thumping music mixes, Atherton Roller Rink has it all, with a state of the art sound system, bar, cafe and a selection of the best urban skate clothing from our Skates Unlimited Online Store.
3254	If your email linked back to your website, people will have direct access without having to go to Google – making your traffic jump considerably.
3255	If you’re more restricted and can’t avoid peak times (e.g. family with young children) you’d probably see a rise in bills, so if your energy costs are sky high, for a better – albeit more standard – deal would be a better option.
3256	If you're new to anal play, or a bit more advanced, and are looking for a quality butt plug that will not only feel fabulous but also last, then you really can't go past buying this one.
3257	If you’re not sure you work in fashion or textiles please read this section to see if you could apply.
3258	If you’re overpaying, don’t worry, but if not, together the employee and business’ contribution must total at least 5%.
3259	If you’re planning a UK trip, visit for information on cheap UK travel insurance.
3260	If you're still paying the same as you did 20 years ago, is it so bad?
3261	If you’re suffering with any kind of musculoskeletal condition, including sporting injuries such as Tennis Elbow, pop into any of our six central London GP Clinics to discuss your treatment options with a Doctor.
3262	If you return the letter, please write on it ‘not known at this address'.
3263	If your fines exceed £10.00 you cannot borrow.
3264	If your main car insurance company offers you less than the market value of the car, and you accept, the GAP insurer won’t make up the difference.
3265	If your name’s not mentioned, it’s a sign that you should be wary.
3266	"If your objective is to increase your range of motion so that you can more easily do the splits, and this is more beneficial than the small loss in force, then you should stretch," says Dr Shrier.
3267	If your old wardrobe had drawers, you could take these out and use smaller ones to house all your trinkets and larger ones to store your shoes under your bed.
3268	If your partner is attending a breastfeeding class or course, make sure you go along, and if it is not inclusive of dads, find another in your local area which is.
3269	If your PC has Microsoft PowerPoint 2010 or older, download this presentation.
3270	If your post is not relevant to the wider list please select the individual sender to reply to rather than reply all or the list.
3271	If your project involves Search Engine Optimisation we need the text content for your site in advance so that the SEO can be planned and completed efficiently.
3272	If your proposal affects street furniture and road signs etc, we will have to consult with other departments and therefore your application may not be dealt with within normal timescales.
3273	"If your thinking of going into the automatic market then I would definitely recommend No Gears.
3274	If your treatment is date sensitive, make sure you come and see us early so that we have the time to achieve the results you want.
3275	If your vet suspects that your pet might have a neuromuscular disease they will first want to eliminate diseases elsewhere in the body.
3276	If you test positive for an STI, including HIV, staff at the clinic will explain your treatment to you and advise you on how to avoid infections in the future.
3277	If you think a tree or branch is dangerous, we will need written notice as soon as possible.
3278	If you think that targeting your niche will not limit your business’ potential in the future, it’s a good fit.
3279	If you think you are suffering from food poisoning you should contact your GP as soon as possible.
3280	If you think you may have problems paying, you should tell us straightaway.
3281	If you think your diet may be low in vitamins or minerals, or if you’re concerned that you drink a lot of alcohol, talk to your doctor about whether you should take vitamin supplements.
3282	If you use oestrogen HRT patches, you may need to take additional progesterone tablets, although some patches – such as Evorel Conti, Femseven Sequi and Femseven Conti – combine both.
3283	If you use payroll software you will need to ensure the system you use will fully support the additional administrative burden brought on by Auto Enrolment.
3284	If you’ve been injured as a passenger on a motorcycle, you may be able to make a compensation claim to cover the pain and costs of your injury.
3285	If you've been the victim of a sexual offence like assault or rape, it's against the law for anyone to publish your name, photo or anything else that could identify you.
3286	If you’ve got room for dessert, stick a spoon in the Mexican chocolate lava cake – if it’s good enough for Kate Hudson, it’s good enough for us.
3287	If you've not used HSBC mobile banking before, simply visit the App Store or Google Play and search for HSBC Business to download the app to your device.
3288	If you’ve resolved to get fitter why not make 2014 the year you take up running?
3289	If you want a bit of peace and quiet, you can slip away to palm-backed Malpas Beach.
3290	If you want cough medicine or something for your piles or bad breath or suntan lotion, you get it from the shelves.
3291	If you wanted to make things match up, would you strip out the innards, or change the exterior?
3292	If you want something you have to work hard for it and that is exactly what he is doing,” - a valuable lesson for all small business owners and entrepreneurs.
3293	If you want to develop yourself as well as your youth ministry then consider taking the Horizons course.’
3294	If you want to do it, do it.
3295	If you want to enjoy the breeze or the sun, the roof can easily be collapsed after waiting for 15 seconds.
3296	If you want to experience life beyond the hotel walls, hop aboard the shuttle bus and travel to Kata Beach.
3297	If you want to make a complaint about Royal Mail using Resolver, then the process could not be simpler.
3298	If you want to object to how we use your data, or ask us to delete it or restrict how we use it please contact us using our secure online contact form at bankofscotland.
3299	If you want to stay out later, you can always go to a pub for a few pints of beer, or check out a nightclub.
3300	If you were unable to do this at the time then don’t worry, your personal injury solicitor can help you gather evidence.
3301	If you wish to download the poster with the meeting dates on for the friendship group group, please click the link on the right.
3302	If you wish to provide late-night refreshments and regulated entertainment, and sell or supply alcohol, you need to apply for a licence.
3303	If you wish your claim to be backdated, you must give the date you wish it to begin and reasons for your delay in claiming.
3304	If you would like a different tracking ID to appear in your links, please visit "Your Account" and click on "Manage your Tracking ID" link, to create tracking IDs for your Associates account.
3305	If you would like a list of other residential care homes head office listings throughout Nuneaton, please visit the section of this website.
3306	If you would like to receive the help of our well educated driving instructors to help you pass your theory in Dagenham, then contact us today!
3307	If you would like to volunteer for Dogs Trust in 2017, please call 0300 303 0292.
3308	If you would prefer wooden windows, then we also offer traditional wooden sash windows as well as the modern PVCu variety.
3309	I get up each Monday and the first thing we have to do is pay everyone else.
3310	I guess I’m an irritant within the ‘cosy’ worship scene.
3311	I had a brief discussion last week with somebody who I used to work with in the design industry.
3312	I had a History degree, had run a Local Studies library, and enjoyed talking about the subject, so it was as if all my past experience were rolled into one job.
3313	I had always been self conscious regarding my smile, having not had braces as a teenager.
3314	I have a deposit of £10000, but my credit history is not great.
3315	I have a heavy focus on the strategic aspects of my role – always considering what tomorrow may bring, as well as keeping a close watch for the needs of my internal and external customers.
3316	‘I have a lot of children, but sometimes just because of circumstances, maintaining a close relationship with your kids is very tough.
3317	“I have always been into performing and growing up in Palmers Green and Tottenham watched shows at Fox Theatre and was part of Hopeful Monsters.
3318	I have always found Doctor Costello to be a great doctor who listens with empathy to his patients.
3319	I have appointed two chairs and set up the terms of reference.
3320	I have a swarm of bees - how can I have them removed without harming them?
3321	I have been as fair and accurate in this review as possible.
3322	I have been informed that you can leave your car in the hotels car park.
3323	I have been interested in this story since first reading of the cylinder about 20 years ago.
3324	I have been letting a house in the Golden Triangle with Norwich Accommodation Agency for the past 7 years and everything always runs very smoothly.
3325	I have been voted 'Form Captain' 'Word Millionaire’.
3326	I have been working here just under 3 months now and have loved every minute of the fast paced way that Auto Trader work!
3327	I have found that most of the Customer Service staff I have dealt with will help customers when they can - I hope to spread some positivity on the boards and to help people to get the results they want.
3328	I have gradually become a less reliable client; but hopefully I will become a more valuable one in the future.’
3329	I have had these tyres on before and they are amazing the noise, grip etc is amazing!
3330	I have lived in the UK for 30 months now, but changed my address 3 times during this time period.
3331	I have never done something like this before, but I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a career.
3332	I have never owned one of these before and extremely enjoyed it being run down my spine.
3333	I have over 6 years’ experience as a full time,…
3334	I have personal experience of mental health problems and lead a growing team of peers utilising their expertise alongside mental health professionals.
3335	I have put notices into all the shops and businesses around the Centre telling them of this new facility and this has been well received.
3336	“I have recently purchased a property via your agency and I have been dealing with a number of your team, including Sue and Amanda and they have been very helpful.
3337	I have rich snippets installed but they aren’t displaying?
3338	I have spoken to the Mum a couple of times but get the feeling her sons are just too precious to be troublemakers so it continues.
3339	I have therefore voraciously consumed any opportunity to develop and grow as a leader in the NHS; the Top Leaders programme offered another chance to do this.
3340	I have the statutory role as Director for Children’s Services which includes responsibility for good outcomes for all children in the county.
3341	I have worked in health care for 12 years, and been a qualified counsellor for 7 years.
3342	I have worked in the fitness industry for 6 years.
3343	I have written to the local planning authority but they have not replied to date.
3344	I hear some synthesisers can produce effects like that.
3345	I hope it’s a cold day, so you can see what you meant to me."
3346	I hope that the final London Environment Strategy will be ambitious.
3347	I hope to continue creating more kids books so that trans and gender nonconforming children and teenagers can see themselves represented and see that they aren’t alone.
3348	“I hope to dispel some myths that robots are coming for people's jobs by showing how these robots will integrate into manufacturing.”
3349	I initially decided to support a local charity, where I am a volunteer.
3350	I interviewed at Palantir Technologies (London, England) in May 2018.
3351	I just can’t watch anything live at all, I just cancelled Sky as well, what a nightmare.
3352	I just want her to say t him what she can to me!
3353	I know we must be mad, this will be our 3rd time this year we have completed the C2C but Celias breakfast makes it worthwhile.
3354	I know you don’t care - but there’s another family to be concerned for here - your mother’s boyfriend's.
3355	I lacked the determination and didn't set myself a time scale, if I did another course I'd approach it differently.”
3356	I learnt a huge amount working within organisations including a merchant bank and a small high tech engineering business before returning to work in practice.
3357	I lent my daughter £70,000 as a deposit on a flat in 2008 via bank transfer which she purchased and lived in for four years.
3358	Ile read several passages from the evidence to illustrate this observation, and then remarked, that it never occurred to the Chairman that the question turned upon the point of too much work or too little food.
3359	I like Cape Adventure Playground, it’s the best adventure playground in the world.”
3360	I like mine with raspberry syrup and garnished with fresh berries if anyone is asking ðŸ˜‰ Naturally for a Champagne based drink, you’ll be wanting a Champagne flute, try this one by LSA with it’s elegant classic platinum rim.
3361	I like that you were able to step up and say, “Hey, I’m going to cut this off, and start something new and launch this store.”
3362	I like the way it secures itself by pushing outwards and does not rely on the crude mechanism my old eccentric BB holder used whereby two self-tapping screws held in the frame penetrated the BB by drilling a small hole in it.
3363	I lived in the UK for quite a while, but I had no idea that this kind of attraction existed.
3364	I look forward to meeting with you and showing you all Lawman Gardens in Alfreton has to offer.
3365	I look forward to other opinions here.
3366	I look forward to updating you further as these projects progress.
3367	I loved the outdoor bathroom and the solar -heated shower was always warm!
3368	I love living here, so I’m pleased to say “well done” to the Conservatives, local businesses and residents for supporting the regeneration plans.
3369	I made some good friends, met some fascinating people, heard some amazing lectures and became part of a university college and all that that offers.
3370	I made this playlist to celebrate the world that lives alongside ours.
3371	Imagine, for example, you had been one of the victims injured by the IRA bomb set off on South Quay in 1996 using Semtex supplied by Colonel Gaddafi’s Libyan regime.
3372	Imagine strolling down to the loch side on a still summer morning from this wonderfully welcoming cottage, with its own secluded pebble beach, just 5 minutes from the shore of Loch Lomond, in the heart of Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
3373	Imagine that one day you could build software at the highest possible technical level - and that’s what happened to me.
3374	Imagine you’re going out with someone called Alexa, you can’t ask them the time, what the weather is going to be like, or to remind you of something later without her getting offended.
3375	Imagine you were an investor in 2010, trying to decide whether to buy government debt.
3376	I'm a little sad that all the fun and fascinating science experiments are coming to an end.
3377	I’m currently in the process of making my way through the entire menu!”
3378	I'm dead excited to get my mitts on it.
3379	I mean it certainly creates the sense of melancholy mood that you get in the painting, but also yeah… it’s a way of providing an insight into that sense of threshold that’s within the character too.
3380	I mean it's very well written and totally accurate.
3381	I mean, there's nobody that's done so much for equality as I have.'
3382	I mean why would a charity pay people when so many people want to do it for nothing?
3383	I'm grateful to be part of the work we are doing together to eradicate it.”
3384	I’m happy for IT teachers and “information professionals ” to teach children about this stuff but this is not, I maintain, the province of English teachers.
3385	I'm hoping this result will help me get an apprenticeship."
3386	I’m hoping to be able to repeat these results at the next races.
3387	“I’m learning the guitar.
3388	I’m looking for another centre-back.
3389	I’m looking forward to running with Marc Basseng and Fabian Hamprecht who already know the R8.
3390	I’m nearing the end of my second year now and its a shame that my dad had to come all the way from India to introduce me to NextBike and take me biking around and get fit.
3391	I'm not anti-inclusion, far from it, I spend my working hours supporting those very children that need to be included.
3392	I’m not the biggest fan of the Indy circuit, but it’s been great to get back out and racing again.
3393	"I'm on it every day reading other people's posts.
3394	I moved to the private sector in 2008, where I managed diverse workforces, focusing on customer satisfaction and client relationships, whilst further developing my commercial awareness and skills.
3395	Impart knowledge to develop others.
3396	I’m playing well.
3397	I'm pleased that not only have I got through another day not gambling but also another day with healthy eating.
3398	“I’m pleased to progress to the next round,” Brown said.
3399	I’m pleased we’ve been able to support the project with the use of the FIRST Stop Bus and through council officers offering a range of signposting and advice.
3400	Implementation of the Common Fisheries Policy: Domestic Fisheries ManagementHere you can browse the report together with the Proceedings of the Committee.
3401	Implementing the GDPR: Reed Smith Webinar on Planning your Path to Compliance in 2017 https://t.
3402	Important information is projected in full-colour onto a clear, high resolution panel mounted on the dashboard directly in the driver’s viewpoint, to minimize eye movement and distraction.
3403	Importantly, the conclusions and judgements are based not only on the documented evidence provided, but also the behaviours encountered during the inspection.
3404	Impressive as the Audi’s pace is though, the chassis lacks the adjustability and involvement of our favourite hot hatches such as the Peugeot 208 GTI by Peugeot Sport.
3405	Impressive in size, yet slim and refined enough to be worn from day time casual to evening chic.
3406	I’m pretty sure you couldn’t have said the same in any other decade (apart from, perhaps, the 60s).
3407	Improvisation is basically making up stories effectively, Tsolak instructs us when we move on the actual “comedy” part.
3408	I’m really pleased all the moaners on the message board didn’t go, seriously, thank you all very much.
3409	I’m so happy being given the opportunity to build my career at SBHG.
3410	I'm sorry to see your parcel arrived later than expected.
3411	I’m suddenly worried we might be ruining her racing technique – I hope she forgets everything she has learned today!
3412	I'm sure this Challenge and the legendary 2017 Challenges will make for good bedfellows!
3413	I'm taking my tarp to the market though - one never knows!
3414	“I’m there to guide and assist them in anyway I can,” added Boon, who has ploughed a fortune into Staines Town with little reward having commendably kept it going after the death of his father, Alan, in 2011.
3415	"I'm very annoyed about it all but as a priest I have very public duties and I'll move on and put it in the past but I would hope other people out there will read this and perhaps be a bit more vigilant," he added.
3416	I’m very comfortable in myself now.’
3417	I’m very proud of the whole team who all pulled together and worked so efficiently to ensure we delivered the high standard of work within budget and timescale and it’s fantastic to hear the event was such a success.
3418	In 1910 she had married Thomas T. Andrews, one of the founders of the Rhondda branch of the Independent Labour Party.
3419	In 1920 what was left of the Socialist Party ran Debs as their candidate for the presidency.
3420	In 1970, when the breed was dwindling, Moses Griffith, a breeder of all things Welsh, called a meeting in Pwllheli to rekindle interest; a society was formed and the idea promoted that Lleyn genes could be used to create a new breed, the Cambridge Hybrid.
3421	In 2000 he first pioneered the use of proteomics in the nervous system and has discovered hundreds of new synapse proteins.
3422	In 2010, Dreamworks released their first adaptation of these brilliant books which helped them find their way into even more children's hearts around the world.
3423	In 2011, Chief Fire Officer Mark Jones encouraged local people to sign a national petition urging the Government to bring in a new law.
3424	In 2012, she was the recipient of Pakistan’s first National Youth Peace Prize and the 2013 Sakharov Prize.
3425	In 2013 Scotland's developers released nearly 100 games, across every possible platform, including the unstoppable Grand Theft Auto GTA V, the largest entertainment launch of any kind.
3426	In 2015-16, Heriot-Watt's scientists worked with two artists-in-residence to create installations that convey the size, sound and scale of our scientific research.
3427	In 2017 we designed additional benefits for members with the launch of a fashion-led Look Book and tote bag, distributed at Badminton Horse Trials.
3428	In 2018 we also have exclusive access to the iconic Long Walk, giving riders incredible views along the tree-lined avenue towards Windsor Castle.
3429	In 2018, we will be giving out not one, but two awards to the people that deserve them.
3430	In 60 metres turn right on a road (Powder Mills).
3431	In about 1808 he began to write a history of his town and continued until shortly before his death in 1841.
3432	In a case where the driver is uninsured, take photos of the accident scene and contact the police before contacting the MIB.
3433	In a claim brought under section 114 of the 2010 Act the court may, where it considers it expedient in the interests of national security –
3434	In addition, any email received in the afternoon will also be passed onto the duty planning officer to respond the following day.
3435	In addition, infections, often occurring as outbreaks, can significantly disrupt training (e.g. guide dogs) or rehoming schedules, and result in substantial financial costs for veterinary treatments, and challenges with rehoming infected dogs.
3436	In addition, our flooring is carefully dried to 8-10% moisture content (+/- 2%), making it perfect for other internal joinery applications such as wall cladding.
3437	In addition, she is looking at strategies that can help cells boost their natural defences against misfolded proteins, aiming to correct numerous conditions characterised by the accumulation of these misfolded proteins.
3438	In addition the airport offers access to an onsite taxi company (Norwich Airport Taxi Association) which ensures a prompt reliable service when arriving at the airport.
3439	In addition “the anti-war movement failed to mobilise beyond the political margins,” explained international relations specialist Dr Aidan Hehir in a 2009 Irish Times op-ed.
3440	In addition, the Charities Act 2016 includes the following requirement which will apply to charities from the reporting year following 1 November 2016 –
3441	In addition, the course is also open to consultants who are assisting or interested in assisting operators to become certified under the BCS Scheme.
3442	In addition, the Director of Resources outlined proposals for The Village for 2018.
3443	In addition the new Croma Pizza Point has opened at the ODEON Trafford Centre, ODEON Greenwich and ODEON Orpington, where we are introducing an innovative pizza - at - the - cinema offer.
3444	In addition, there is likely to have been a self-selecting bias; it would be reasonable to assume that counsellors who have an interest in groupwork are more likely to respond to a questionnaire on the subject.
3445	In addition, thieves seem to be targeting BMW and Land Rover manufactured vehicles.
3446	In addition, this module will provide students with a broad understanding of tumour immunology and how cancer cells have developed mechanisms to evade the immune system.
3447	In addition to coffee shops, nurseries and nail salons, the athleisure, cosmetics and convenience food sectors are in expansion mode, as newer entrants and younger brands take the ‘shake out’ as an opportunity to pick up stores.
3448	In addition to larger sites we provide the same high quality of service to property owners needing a driveway or other groundwork.
3449	In addition to the design and manufacture of goods vehicles this section also looks at bridge strikes, usually caused by the driver being unaware of the height of the vehicle.
3450	In addition to the website, a new pilot uniform, aircraft branding, marketing material and signage has been created.
3451	In addition to this, our window profile uses a fully welded uPVC insert which is stronger and more efficient than steel.
3452	In addition, users can integrate their own databases or proprietary tools to build a more complete picture of their company, clients and brands.
3453	In a further 100 metres you pass primitive staff quarters on your right.
3454	In AIDS-related cases, the lesions spread quickly; in severe cases, they may affect mucous membranes, especially of the palate and internal organs.
3455	In all of our projects, research and cultural education go hand in hand.
3456	In a lovely location with pleasant views, Willow End is a tasteful retreat in a tranquil part of England.
3457	In an eerie echo, Myanmar’s state media has Muslims are like “detestable human fleas”; prominent nationalist monk has said: “Muslims are like the African carp … They breed quickly and they are very violent and they eat their own kind.”
3458	“In an ideal world we would only ever look to develop on brownfield land, but we have reached a stage where there are not enough sites available to meet the demand for new homes needed over the next 20 years.
3459	In an illustrative way, using dye and stitch, Myra also explores the linear qualities of architecture and objects, producing contemporary scenes and images.
3460	In answer to this, Lonely Planet has revealed a number of beautiful destinations that holidaymakers should head to avoid over-tourism this year and discover somewhere new without the busy crowds.
3461	In any event there was an overlap between the consultancy and his candidature.
3462	In a sentence: All glitz but no glamour.
3463	In a survey of this GP's 3,845 patients, 97% said they would recommend the service.
3464	In August the battalion went to Scotland where they received training in secret at Gailles Camp, near Irvine.
3465	In beautiful Pembrokeshire with spectacular manor house setting.
3466	Inbreeding often takes place which passes on a lot of undesirable traits which may not become apparent until the puppy grows up.
3467	In certain circumstances an inquest may also need to be held.
3468	“Incidentally, some years later I was an Explosive Search Dog Handler still with BTP, where I attended Kings Cross on 7/7 and having to search again, this time I had to search the train where there were 26 bodies on board.”
3469	Includes an open-plan living/dining area giving a light and airy feel to the accommodation with juliet balconies.
3470	Includes downloadable templates to get you started.
3471	Includes material from England, Ireland, Scotland, and English language newspapers from the British Empire.
3472	Including a key facts summary sheet in the trustees' annual report.
3473	In Cookley near Kidderminster, gas main work and temporary traffic lights on A449 Wolverhampton Road both ways between Castle Road and B4189 Wolverley Road is causing delays.
3474	Increase your business' chances of being found by customers looking for Vending Machines in Tameside.
3475	Increase your cash flow by making better decisions about risk.
3476	Increasingly you can use natural language rather than remembering specific ways to get the system to understand you.
3477	In December 2016, MSC finalized the deal for the two additional Meraviglia Plus ships, which will be delivered in October 2019 and September 2020.
3478	“In December 2017, Sandra didn’t turn up for an appointment at the surgery and I became really concerned.”
3479	Indeed, every time we debate these issues the House has been clear, but I am afraid the regulator has not responded.
3480	Indeed, only Stanningley have scored more points than Crosfields’ effort of 286 in nine games so far.
3481	Indeed, the creation of the Bund created a space where Jewish workers could organise and resist against both the exploitation and racism they faced.
3482	Indeed, the turbocharged three-cylinder unit is a huge step up, with 50 per cent more torque over the standard 1.0-litre.
3483	“Indeed, using drugs like citalopram that enhance the long-term goals in value-based decision-making could be used in other situations, like addictions and impulsive behaviours or be used to support psychological therapies for mental health conditions.”
3484	Indeed, we are clear there is no single path to radicalisation, just as there is no single red flag that identifies it.
3485	Indexes Cochrane Reviews as well as information from over 100 more evidence-based resources, generalist and specialist journals as well as guidelines, eBooks, patient leaflets and medical images.
3486	Individuals are assigned a Keyworker, who will ensure that they get the most our of their attendance at the Pakistan Centre.
3487	Individuals who volunteer for redundancy are in the same legal position as employees selected compulsorily, for example in relation to their right to receive a statutory redundancy payment.
3488	In Division Three, leaders West Reading 3rds (171-1) raced to a nine-wicket success at Ruislip Victoria 2nds (169).
3489	Indulge your body and mind in the extravagant mixture of affordable prices and supreme quality.
3490	Industry statistics indicate that 30% of break-ins occur through the windows, therefore making it a necessity to render them highly secure.
3491	I need an accessible, flexible and easy to use source of information about patient care, regardless of care setting so I can identify opportunities to improve health outcomes.
3492	I need to remember the people in poverty, people who are homeless, people who are older and vulnerable, people who have been trafficked, people who face barriers to employment and people who want to be reunited with long-lost family members.
3493	In effect, Alchemy here is to the Logic version much like GarageBand itself is to Logic: a stripped-back, simplified take, designed to be usable and immediate.
3494	In effect, we are comparing it with outline planning permission and detailed planning permission.
3495	In Egypt alone, that unlocks $400 million (£304m) in capital overnight."
3496	In either direction it’s a really simple day trip.
3497	In Europe, the MSCI Europe (ex-UK) index gained 0.3%.
3498	"I never alter my body in any pictures, if you can’t see my bump it’s just because of the angle although I may only take side profile shots from now on."
3499	“I never paid a fine,” said Sarah proudly.
3500	I never said that, did I? I said, purely evolutionarily speaking men NOT women meet the definition of evolutionarily more fit.
3501	I never thought I’d be working in professional research labs so soon, never mind meeting an astronaut!"
3502	I never understood what the guys at AM were trying to achieve or what problem they were trying to solve.
3503	Inevitably, the talk turned to regulation, and the panel recognised that regulators are an important catalyst for change, they provide important advice and direction but cannot deliver change.
3504	In explosive scenes Tyson Fury stormed out of a press conference earlier today which had been arranged to discuss his…
3505	In extreme flood, water has been reported flowing several metres deep, further down the valley.
3506	In fact, if I were being cynical, I would say that this looks like a mischievous attempt to reignite the debate on new clause 30 that was proposed to the European Union (Withdrawal) Bill, in order to generate press releases.
3507	In fact, many businesses across Stoke have identified “an under-skilled local workforce” as a challenge for their business.
3508	In fact no doubt steals everywhere and people don't report it as its no point.
3509	In fact, that stage is a way off just yet – have we even explored potential remedies with enough rigour?
3510	In fact, they are one of the sources of the current crisis.
3511	In February 1882, there was a large landslip at Great Clowes Street and Bury New Road.
3512	In February 2018, there were 5,095 people in Warwickshire (or 1.5% of the population) claiming Universal Credit.
3513	Inflation is falling—it fell from 3% to 2.7% in February—and the OBR has said that it will keep falling, leading to real wage growth.
3514	Information about the cost of the SQE assessments is not yet available.
3515	Information and advice should you wish to make a complaint about our Social Services.
3516	Information covering our policies, procedures and standards.
3517	Information provided by you may be stored or processed outside the United Kingdom.
3518	Information shared with relevant managers, relevant employees of us and any relevant client.
3519	Information stands will be open between 11am and 12.30pm, followed by a free tea dance from 1.30pm.
3520	Information that You provide in performing anti-money laundering, financial and credit checks as well as for fraud and crime prevention and detection purposes.
3521	Information to help employers carry out checks to prevent illegal working can be found at https://www.
3522	In former times it was a hub for coal, with the Bargoed Colliery opening in 1897, and by 1903 engines were working to raise the first four trams of coal.
3523	Inform them of your change of address.
3524	Infrastructure Intelligence that she’d not experienced any gender-related work issues, but she knows that female colleagues with children face more challenges.
3525	Infrastrucure as a Service (IaaS) company, providing IaaS as public, private or hybrid cloud services, presented for on-demand consumption.
3526	In her main speech to the party conference in Bournemouth, Jo Swinson warned activists the 'politics of the bully is back'.
3527	In her spare time, Zoe enjoys sharing the delights of Central London life with her young son, followed by a pint of Guinness at the end of the day!
3528	In his growing role, Jennings oversaw the company’s Technology Transfer arm as well, and in 2010 was appointed Deputy Director, serving briefly as Interim Director until the appointment later that year of Tony Raven.
3529	In his spare time, Morris is a keen runner and martial-artist.
3530	In January 2011 HSE wrote to all known users of HFP alerting them to the risks of these machines and providing a new Information Sheet.
3531	In July 2008 the DfT published The Government's Motorcycling Strategy: Revised Action Plan.
3532	Injuries blighted his career which saw him move to Wigan Athletic and Sheffield Wednesday.
3533	In less than a decade, these examinations came to provide a single standard according to which different schools, and their students and teachers, could be assessed.
3534	In light of this issue, Liz Brownsell, Senior Associate at Birketts, considers the legal ins and outs of the commercialisation of schools.
3535	In making an application to vary my licence to disapply the DPS provisions what do I need to produce?
3536	In Mallaig you’ll find some of the freshest seafood available in Scotland, and from there you can catch the short ferry over to Skye – with its Munros, wildlife, and Michelin star restaurant.
3537	In March last year the Arts Council published its priorities for international collaboration as the UK leaves the European Union.
3538	“In my Advocacy role I see young people on a one to one basis.
3539	In my case I’m planning to develop a vaccine and test it in humans within five years.
3540	In my Department, we keep the ICO budget under review on an annual basis, to ensure that the budget is adequate for the Information Commissioner’s requirements, but not overly generous.
3541	In my doctoral work at the University of Toronto, jointly supervised by Profs.
3542	In my first three years as Headmistress I went with the school on pilgrimage to the small French town of Lourdes in the foothills of the Pyrenees, and spent a week in one of the now iconic blue uniforms worn by the ‘handmaids’ in Lourdes.
3543	In my spare time, I love listening to music as well as playing it (I’m currently learning to play the piano).
3544	Innovative microfiber one-piece with overstitched bicolore straps and belt.
3545	In November 2015, the CBI submitted response to the House of Commons Treasury Committee Inquiry on ‘The economic and financial costs and benefits of the UK’s membership of the EU’.
3546	In November 2016 Cornwall Council confirmed within their Uptake of Mandatory Information Governance Training Report that over 83% of Cornwall Council employees had completed their Information Governance training within a two year period.
3547	In November of 2014, wind turbines produced more than 100% of the country’s domestic electricity needs.
3548	In order to address these barriers and challenges implementation must take account of public perceptions, clearly articulating the purposes and potential societal benefits.
3549	"In order to claim Universal Credit claimants need an internet connection which many simply can't afford.
3550	In order to do that, REA will need your views on the current BREF.
3551	In order to learn more about the parties that place these cookies and the purpose of the cookies, we recommend that you read the privacy statements of these parties.
3552	In other councils it’s a similar picture, with local representatives having to consider unthinkable and unpopular decisions to meet their legal obligations.
3553	In other words, we can be 95% confident that the true rate of smoking among Stockport’s adults falls between 12.9% and 16.5%.
3554	In our auditorium, we have Accessible Viewing Areas, specifically for customers with access needs.
3555	In our online store within our home packages collection, we trust you will take delight in our unique and couture stylised collection of designer furniture available at trade prices.
3556	In our reply, we must confirm whether or not we hold the information and either provide the information requested or explain why it is not being provided.
3557	In our systems, there is one outcome recorded for each conduct matter even though a conduct matter may involve a number of firms or individuals.
3558	In our ten years of business, no full-time employee has ever left The Web Kitchen.
3559	In our very first week we were informed that “some of you will get the chance to continue into a fourth year and gain a degree”.
3560	I now hate apple - they plant bugs and give no solution?
3561	In particular, but without limiting the above restrictions, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from Quidem:-
3562	“In particular, we are pleased that DEFRA has recognised the need for standardised criteria on which to base licence inspections, and for a risk-based framework approach to licensing, with UKAS schemes used only as a means of earned recognition.
3563	In part one of Tim Cooks' favorite kitchen cooking tools, Tim shows off his Zojirushi rice cooker, his Shun knives, Kitchen Aid mixer, and his Calphalon pans.
3564	In practice, obtaining consent may present difficulties.
3565	In: (Proceedings) 7th World Congress on Sleep Apnoea.
3566	In reality, both the Galaxy S7 and iPhone 7 are powerhouses when it comes to mobile gaming, and you shouldn't experience any real lag when using either smartphone in day-to-day life.
3567	In reality, professionals set out cases, they will disagree once carrying out deeper researching.
3568	In recent news the iPad has silenced critics by beating the iPhone and selling 1 million units just 28 days after its release, whereas the iPhone took 74 days to sell.
3569	In recent weeks, I have spoken with our new SNP council leader Iain Nicolson and our new councillors on a regular basis.
3570	In recent years, the band’s discography has included studio albums The Boy with No Name (2013) and more recently (2016), which debuted at number five on the UK Album Charts.
3571	In recent years we have taught students from more than 52 countries around the world.
3572	In recognition of his many contributions to international Humanism, he received the IHEU’s International Humanist Award in 1974, and the Special Award for Service to World Humanism in 1978.
3573	In regular and slim fits, include a pair of men’s jogging bottoms to your wardrobe of everyday wear.
3574	In rented accommodation your landlord is responsible for meeting fire safety standards.
3575	In response, Bridgwater have been proactive in their approach to ensure a strong squad remains at The Parks.
3576	In response to questions it was noted that all conditions from the previous grant of the licence would remain on the licence if granted.
3577	In response, we’ve made some changes to the documents and we’ve extended the application deadline to give suppliers 2 more days to review the updates.
3578	In return, the WEA has developed a range of community health education resources which can be converted into an online learning resource for both OU and WEA students.
3579	In season you need to be a member - you come for a trial for up to 6 sessions and can then be invited to be a member.
3580	Insecure (low valence, low arousal).
3581	In September 2015 the Government announced that the UK would be providing sanctuary to 20,000 Syrian refugees over the next five years.
3582	In shops, bars, in homes and concert halls music is heard, and everyday people are being enticed to play instruments and make their own music.
3583	In short, they are responsible for every campaign success we’ve ever won.
3584	· Inside: Back of flap features mesh pocket for race numbers and information.
3585	Inside it are the remains of round stone buildings.
3586	Inside will feature a designer kitchen with integrated appliances.
3587	In some cases it can be fatal and it claims the lives of three people every day.
3588	In some cases statistical tests will be performed on the data-set.
3589	In some cases there is a lack of affordable, local options.
3590	In some circumstances, a family may require input from a single agency.
3591	In some instances, where the employee’s performance or conduct do not improve, or where their actions constitute gross misconduct, then you may be faced with the decision to dismiss them.
3592	'In some markets they will be phased out even faster- some by the end of this quarter.'
3593	In some situations, we may need to share your information with third parties.
3594	Inspectors seem to like this approach, as it gives children a degree of autonomy when choosing whether to play outside or not, and you're also meeting your obligations to provide opportunities for outdoor play, regardless of the season.
3595	Inspiration for a contemporary kitchen in Surrey with flat-panel cabinets, medium wood cabinets, green splashback, stainless steel appliances, painted wood flooring and an island.
3596	Inspired by tradition, Black Cab revives one of London’s oldest beer styles while celebrating another of the capital’s great icons.
3597	In spring, Holland’s tulips, daffodils and hyacinths are a rainbow of colour – an eye-popping array of unforgettable blooms, flowering in stunning gardens all over the country.
3598	In Stages 1 and 2 you study a common syllabus, developing your expertise in electrical machines and electronic communications systems.
3599	Instagram for business: is it worth your time?
3600	Instagram & Pinterest – These channels are perfect for ‘visual’ businesses.
3601	Installation count is not displayed correctly in software details page if major-minor version grouping is configured for a software.
3602	Instead of diverting to Pyecombe, follow the Sussex Border Path south to the Indian War Memorial (ideal picnic spot) and follow till you cross the A27 and find yourself on the outskirts of Brighton and Hove.
3603	Instead, wait until you have arrived at your destination to make or return any phone calls.
3604	In store baby changing is available in Debenhams, Selfridges, Next, John Lewis and Teenie Weenies.
3605	Insufficient post-excavation analysis - due to both lack of funding for it and possibly lack of interest in it.
3606	Insulation can decrease your heating costs and improve your comfort by improving your homes heat-up time.
3607	In summary, FSMA requires that ‘regulated activities’ are only carried out by persons who are authorised or exempt.
3608	Insurance - Citizens Advice We use cookies to improve your experience of our website.
3609	In Surrey you really can have the best of both worlds.
3610	Integrative Omics Research Centre, Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and Biotechnology, Yuseong, Daejeon, Korea.
3611	Intended outcome that all children have something handmade to take home each workshop and also they develop the skills of hand embroidery.
3612	Interestingly, this compares to 40% in the private sector.
3613	Interest- When i was ten, my brother and i split the price of an Xbox 360 which my brothers friend was selling.
3614	Interface will identify the right expertise, the best technologies and the most relevant facilities and equipment to solve any number of business challenges.
3615	Interim manager 'happy' to engage in discussions if approached to be kept on.
3616	INTERIOR: the interior is particularly impressive.
3617	Intermittent load peaks mean that the server can’t keep up with processing HTTP requests – so you should keep an eye on the traffic development of your web project using analysis software.
3618	In terms of celeb inspiration, Rihanna’s hair is often seen in a full head of curls, and she’s no stranger to a big, textured ponytail.
3619	In terms of this journal, he was a frequent and valued contributor on everything from Trade Unions (1980) to political counter cultures in France (1978).
3620	Internally the south wall contains a piscina with a trefoil head.
3621	Internationally acclaimed Canadian stand-up brings his highly anticipated new live show to Warwick Arts Centre for one night only.
3622	INTERPRETATION: Artesunate substantially reduces mortality in African children with severe malaria.
3623	Interpretation is used for those who are not fluent in English.
3624	Interviews take place in Cambridge, usually in December and applicants are given two interviews on the same day.
3625	In that year also he became a member of the International Association of Volcanology, serving as Vice President from 1948–53.
3626	In the absence of such measures, the world's ruling classes are likely to be caught struggling between difficult alternatives.
3627	In the afternoon outdoors was perfect, beautiful romantic swing style songs made everyone smile and sing along creating a relaxed happy atmosphere.
3628	In the case in question, the firm's customer asked it to transfer some money to Pakistan.
3629	In the case of looking at low counts it is perfectly feasible that data might be generated by a binomial distribution, say, where both parameters are unknown.
3630	In the churchyard can be found a magnificent 14th century preaching cross.
3631	In the coming months I hope to be writing about the fight…
3632	In the current 2018-19 tax year, you can put up to £20,000 into tax-efficient ISAs.
3633	In the cyanide ternary complexes, a loop previously disordered becomes ordered, contributing to the binding of substrates.
3634	In the end, unchecked, it damages us all.”
3635	In the ET's view, civil partners should receive benefits based on the deceased's full length of service, not just from the date on which the CPA became law.
3636	In the event the cost of the gamble was so heavy that once the assault faltered, it remained for the Allies to push the exhausted German armies back and the War was at last over.
3637	In the financial year 2015-16, there were 30,000 ‘defined contribution’ scheme transfers.
3638	In the first half of 2011 a total of 253 companies were dissolved in Lincoln.
3639	In the first half of 2012 a total of 389 companies were dissolved in Swansea.
3640	In their business suits, they were a familiar sight on the streets of Bangalore.
3641	In the last paragraph insert immediately after 'calls for a review': 'at National, Regional and Local Association and Branch levels'
3642	“In the last three years, 35 of the FTSE 100's members have changed their boss.
3643	In the latest of our columns from activists, we hear from Davina Camadoo – an Executive Officer at the DWP in Avon – who became active after getting help from her own PCS rep and deciding she wanted to give something back to the union.
3644	In the meantime, GTA Online will have to tide players over, which certainly suits Rockstar parent company Take Two as it continues to make a ton of money.
3645	In the mid-2000s, Parr and bought his first digital camera.
3646	In the middle of the square is a neat fluted Corinthian column in a small bason surrounded with iron rails.
3647	In the not too distant past the core of the mattress was filled with many differing types of fillings, horse hair, goose feathers, wool and even straw!
3648	In the other 595 cases, the fraudsters were unsuccessful thanks to alert residents, relatives, banks and shop staff.
3649	In the past, improvement in education hasn’t gone far enough, fast enough.
3650	In the period that followed the abandonment of Africa, the brutal imposition of neo-liberal economic strategies, and the disintegration of Russia ushered in a period of aggression that continued through the Balkans and beyond.
3651	In the process, it engages young people in developing countries in science.’
3652	In the process we’ve all got to know each other and had a lot of fun along the way.”
3653	In the public sector of schools we have in the area Abbots Bromley School, Smallwood Manor, Denstone College and Repton.
3654	In the quarter, Premier Inn grew total sales by 8.0 % and like for like sales by 2.1% benefitting from the extension programme.
3655	In the recent years, we have supplied period lighting, door hardware and other brass bespoke pieces for many major film productions, here and in the US.
3656	In the requalification room, AIM saw signs that a few votes intended for Frelimo had been invalidated.
3657	In these cases, as the simplest expedient, the rules stated above should apply, viz when the stress is initial the item should be written as one word; when it is not, a hyphen should intervene.
3658	In these cases the victims have then been asked to send naked pictures of themselves or have been sent explicit video footage.
3659	In these circumstances, any equity left after the mortgage has been paid off will be considered a marital asset and split between the two of you.
3660	In these circumstances you may find yourself being treated more as a criminal than as a victim of crime.
3661	In the second half of 2014 the company register for Sheffield increased by 446 companies.
3662	In the second year of A-level Biology you explore new themes, but many build on the core concepts learnt in the first year of the course.
3663	In the short amount of time the club has been formed, the younger rowers have achieved so much.
3664	In the short term, the permanent gallery space dedicated to photographs at the V&A will be doubled.
3665	In the Sixth Form we enjoy close working relationships with our sister grammar school, Kesteven and Grantham Girls’ School as well as other providers.
3666	In the south, Claremont Landscape Garden owned and managed by the National Trust, once belonged, as their British home, to Princess Charlotte and her husband Leopold I of Belgium.
3667	In the sports industry today there is an almost forensic interest in and fascination with how success might be achieved at the elite level.
3668	In the UK, VocaLink processes over 90% of salaries, more than 70% of household bills and almost all state benefits.
3669	In the upper floor, there are two bedrooms and one bathroom.
3670	In the way he describes potentially being a father meanwhile we see ideas which resonate with those of his own father.
3671	In this article we compare Apple's 2014 and 2017 iPads, and help you decide whether the spec bumps, design changes and new features are enough to justify the price.
3672	In this case, as you point out there are different recollections of the precise sequence of events.
3673	In this case, Brand-Traverso got behind the wheel of his vehicle after taking a significant amount of drugs.
3674	In this climate of uncertainty it’s time for internal audit to step up to the plate.
3675	In this context, the Committee found that the complainant had not been identified as a friend or relative of the accused man, and the terms of Clause 9 were not engaged.
3676	In this instance, the parties had entered into a long term contract for.
3677	In this lecture presented at Crieff Seventh-day Adventist church, Scotland he asks: 'Why Doesn't God Stay Dead?'
3678	In this month’s newsletter, we invite you to attend the violence reduction workshops that we are holding across the country.
3679	In this paper, we study geographic proximity between parents and adult children using data from a large and nationally representative household survey from the United Kingdom.
3680	In this way their professed loyalism itself acts as a barrier to the development of a genuine working class consciousness.
3681	In traditional laser tattoo removal methods, photo-dynamic energy (mainly heat) is used to target the pigment of the tattoo and break it up into small enough particles to be absorbed by the body.
3682	In two separate incidents the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) deatl with security alerts in Newtonstewart and Strabane in County Tryone.
3683	Inverness Organisation - Charity/Voluntary - Businesses & ShopsDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
3684	Investigates a wide range of complaints relating to pensions.
3685	Invicta went close in the tenth minute as Draycott headed narrowly wide of the far post when Ashley Miller played an inviting ball in after a Roberts clearance reached him on the left.
3686	Invite friends and family for a night out at Olive Garden!
3687	Invoices received electronically are processed quicker and payment is received sooner.
3688	In West Lothian DofE is supported by a dedicated team of school and community volunteers.
3689	“In what continues to be a lower oil price world, it is vitally important that the oil and gas industry demonstrates it can address cost and efficiency through the development and implementation of both new and existing technology.
3690	In what has become the City’s biggest cocktail party, worries about Brexit, then the Election, were a blight on spring spirits.
3691	In what other commercial transaction do you have to pay to prove your worthiness before you can hand over thousands of pounds?
3692	In Year 4, you conduct independent research which can be pivotal to your career choice, whether it be in dolphins, water voles, rare plants, tropical forest ecology, climate change in the Arctic, or any one of a diverse range of other exciting topics!
3693	In Yida, we offer a broad range of inpatient and outpatient servies - including vaccinations, and HIV and TB treatment - to refugees from South Kordofanm Sudan.
3694	In your experience is it more cost effective to buy heavy duty glassware for students?
3695	I once had the neighbours peering under a massive thorny shrub.
3696	ION-TOF will build the revolutionary new instrument which incorporates the powerful Thermo Scientific mass analyzer for high-performance identification of substances.
3697	I owned a villa for 4 years just down the road from here, and have stayed in many others.
3698	I pay for the thinnest lenses possible to make them acceptably light weight which is a little more expensive, but, overall, the saving I make through not having to replace them very often makes up for the extra cost.
3699	I picked 2 dresses and tried one as this was the perfect one for me.
3700	I provide tutoring in cancer therapeutics with a focus on immuno-oncology.
3701	I put my magic stick in one of the barmaid’s froo-froo but I still can’t get served in under an hour.
3702	I quickly realised that there is no specific 'type' of person who works here and our staff come from a range of different backgrounds.
3703	I really enjoyed all my lessons and I gained confidence really quickly.
3704	I really enjoyed the factory visit and the lectures.
3705	I really think (and hope) that you seem to be in a great place at the moment, and it really cheers me up.
3706	I received a response from the then Immigration Minister, now Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government.
3707	I recently celebrated my 55th birthday.
3708	I recently met with a young civil servant from Leeds who won a competition at Edinburgh's Civil Service Live last year to spend time with her chosen mentor.
3709	I remember how intrusive it felt to meet young women with so many physical and mental scars.
3710	I remember once seeing a person in their car peeling prawns and throwing the shells out of the window while they were driving along.
3711	I return here and read you when i feel this way, you help to remind me of what i want and who i want to be.
3712	Iris joined the VSCC in August 2017 to work as an Events and Marketing Assistant on an initial 12 month contract to help provide additional support whilst the Club’s IT Project is being designed, tested and delivered.
3713	I rode Ask The Weatherman for Jack in the Coral Welsh National and he ran well for a long way but probably didn’t quite get the trip.
3714	Ironed with Care couldn''t be simpler!
3715	Iron ore was abundant in the surrounding hills and three blast furnaces were built in 1869, along with much of the terraced housing that can still be seen today.
3716	Isabelle and Emma are also looking for volunteers and umpires.
3717	I said “even” in poor areas, not ONLY in poor areas.
3718	I said he would have to see the doctor about it or speak to him on the phone whichever he preferred.
3719	I said no, I had clearly been asked to get the meds yesterday.
3720	ISA is a system by which the vehicle 'knows' the permitted or recommended maximum speed for a road and makes this information available to the driver or limits the vehicle maximum speed to the local limit.
3721	Is all graffiti wrong?
3722	‘ is a play that’s stood the test of time and delighted people for 80 years.
3723	Is a Three SIM deal cheaper than a phone contract?
3724	Iscoyd Park is a romantic family home and country house wedding venue where you can have your wedding exactly the way you want it, however that may be.
3725	Is Fordo a core part of an Iranian post-attack recovery capability?
3726	“I shaved the head and the beard but had to keep a goatee.
3727	I show them the intricasies of computers and photography, but also allow them independent use of the computers and tablets.
3728	Is it a cistern, gravity-fed system with large water storage tanks?
3729	Is it time for a new workers party?
3730	Islington residents are moderately Europhile, according to polling company YouGov owners may not be voting to stay in the EU come June.
3731	Is our approach fair, reasonable and proportionate?
3732	I spent days in the car or having a walk around in the park.
3733	Is Swale Borough Council prepared to work with Kent Police and Kent Highways to address the frequent incidences of people driving the wrong way along one way streets in the Park Road area?
3734	I started my career with Barnard Marcus in 2017 as a Negotiator in Finchley and immediately knew joining this company was the right decision!
3735	I started organising the music and it just ended up snowballing from there.
3736	Is the care home you're looking at focused on the individual needs of residents, and will they provide for those needs?
3737	Is the ceiling only slightly sloped?
3738	Is the Minister aware that.
3739	Is there a minimum / maximum spend?
3740	Is there another seat that will fit the VitrA Zentrum closed back close coupled toilet no QS V79722?
3741	Is The Resource & Waste Sector “Leadership Ready”?
3742	Is the strategy you are using working?
3743	Is this the ultimate Loch Ness Monster lookout?
3744	I strongly recommend they research roles they’d like and what sort of company or industry they want to go into.
3745	I studied there for 4 years.
3746	I suggest that we probably need an incremental approach if we are to get widespread support for this vital policy on energy and get communities organised to participate appropriately.
3747	Is YouTube Music Already Doomed?
3748	Italian cosmetics company KIKO Milano has signed a 10-year lease on a 2,905 sq ft shop.
3749	It allowed the children to build on class-based skills learnt at the University of Winchester a fortnight earlier.
3750	It all started with a farting dog called Rudie.
3751	It also added a problem, in that loop railways are always a bit of a pain to run, so much so that the Circle line was converted from a loop a few years ago to fix those issues.
3752	It also allows us to develop and maintain our own technology to make sure you have a simple, straight forward experience getting into your event.
3753	It also asks about physical changes that may have been made to the property and asks about the amount of rent currently paid (if any).
3754	It also has an increased magazine capacity of 17 x 9mm rounds, compared to 13 rounds for the Browning.
3755	It also has increased security through the use of security tokens.
3756	It also helps us enhance the cooperation the SFO receives from overseas partners.
3757	It also includes a communal kitchen and communal toilets.
3758	It also includes something called the treatment risk extension, without which a hairdresser could be uninsured in the event of a claim.
3759	It also marks the start of the regeneration of that part of the town centre, which we hope to see continue and play an active part in throughout the coming years.
3760	It also offers a vacancy filling service to employers.
3761	It analyses the referendum, last year’s general election, emerging Brexit identities and the public’s views of the Brexit negotiations.
3762	It appears that bites by these species are very unlikely to cause serious ill effects.
3763	It argues that the political and legal culture in which review is exercised is significant for assessing review legitimacy.
3764	It begins with the teenagers standing solidly in white shirts and red scarves.
3765	It came from Bryanâ€™s pass and the former Barnsley midfielder looped the ball into the far corner with a header, despite the efforts of the stretching Davies.
3766	It can also spread through contact with contaminated objects such as bedpans, toilets or furniture surfaces.
3767	It can be a frightening experience, too.
3768	It can be a tricky one to work out, but your level of cover needs to take into account the highest-value project you’re likely to work on and not just the amount you’re being paid to work on it.
3769	It can be challenging to perform in an audition context in front of others but ultimately this can be a very constructive experience.
3770	It can be downloaded from here.
3771	It can be hung on the wall and features two different doors on the top and bottom with an open shelf in the centre.
3772	It comes down to two main factors - the amount of competition in the market and the need for banks to raise money.
3773	It concluded that in the long term, the amount of money available for spending on public services would fall.
3774	It consists of a new custom designed bus enclosure that houses all seven bus stops and provides covered waiting areas with seating for nearly 70 people.
3775	It constantly monitors your computer for new files and changes and uploads them to a secure Livedrive.
3776	IT consultant John Doughty, 51, who has lived in Flitch Green for 13 years said: “We are getting really concerned about this.
3777	It contained a purse and some cash.
3778	It costs us more, but it has definitely been worth it.”
3779	It could be a fashionable coincidence or perhaps there was a very happy fashion event a few months back, but in the past few months an army of seriously glamorous pregnant models has emerged and they are storming the red carpet in style.
3780	It could be the case that your employer is treating you worse than your colleagues and you simply suspect discrimination is at the heart of it, but you don’t know how to prove it.
3781	It covered Part 3 of the Bill, clauses 19-30.
3782	It covers administration costs including sealing the relevant legal deed and issuing letters of consent.
3783	It covers all forms of contract including Infrastructure Conditions of Contract (formally ICE Conditions of Contract) and is an adjudicator nominating body in matters involving the Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration Act 1996.
3784	It depends on the size, and complexity of the project.
3785	It does drive me insane, actually.
3786	It does not apply to our existing employees, members, consultants, contractors or clients, or other personal data that VWV collects for other purposes.
3787	It doesn’t have to be time consuming or involve big social events and it isn’t just the leader’s responsibility, everybody has a contribution to make.
3788	It doesn't matter who you are or what your background is, we want to hear from you.
3789	It doesn’t meet their varying needs and it impedes collaboration between departments.
3790	It does sometimes strike me that agents' dislike of RM stems from jealously - that they are angry that they didn't think of the portal thing first.
3791	It drags its feet along the floor with an outstretched arm.
3792	I teach and supervise postgraduate (MSc, MPhil, and DPhil) students in Social Anthropology and in Migration Studies, as well as teach undergraduates in Human Sciences and Archaeology and Anthropology.
3793	It equips seafarers to meet the knowledge, understanding and proficiency requirements set out in the STCW Code and supporting chapter XI-2 of the annex of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at sea (SOLAS) 1974 and the ISPS Code.
3794	It explains how an animal or artificially intelligent agent determines what to do next.
3795	It first opened in 1973 with 112 rooms and is a Grade II listed building.
3796	It follows our discussion paper on this topic, launched in February, which aims to understand whether competition is working well in the market for non-workplace pensions and whether there is a need to go further to protect consumers.
3797	It gives her something to look forward to and both of us the opportunity to engage with someone of a different generation.
3798	It gives you the privacy and security of a home of your own; a range of facilities on the premises; and access to 24 hour care and support services should you need this.
3799	It goes on sale 20 August, priced £5.
3800	I thank companies such as Anglian Water, Essex and Suffolk, Wessex—I could go on.
3801	I thankfully retired from that position in 2008 but my full details are still available for everyone to see.
3802	It has achieved wide recognition and is highly regarded and respected by those aware of and involved in the Scheme.
3803	It has a disabilities advisory committee with people with expertise in this field, and most people who sit on the committee have disabilities.
3804	It has a large weight capacity of up to 39 stone on the Max variant, while a GT upgrade is available for off-road use.
3805	It has a simple one-step application process.
3806	It has become the place for people to come for peace and relaxation,” says John.
3807	It has been frustrating for visitors not having this facility.
3808	It has been quite an emotional experience these past two weeks.
3809	It has been so showery.
3810	It has been wonderful to see hon.
3811	“It has certainly boosted the appeal of pensions since people can get their hands on their money earlier – and many have done so,” says Price.
3812	It has everything from thrilling slides to baby pools and lazy rivers – so there’s something for everyone.
3813	It has sold more than a million copies around the world, won the Costa first novel award and is being made into a BBC series.
3814	It has taken 12 years, £230million worth of investment and months of horrific roadworks - but the first of the long-awaited MetroBus routes has finally been launched.
3815	It has three cooking modes - heat, steam and a combination of both.
3816	“I then realised there was a real response to the movement when the Facebook page reaches quadrupled overnight.”
3817	It highlighted that, despite the fact that we spend less per capita in Scotland on legal aid than is spent in England and Wales, legal aid is far more widely available in Scotland and covers a wider scope of categories than it does south of the border.
3818	I think I’m still harbouring a mild grudge.
3819	I think in the financial world we call it FPAUM: Fee producing assets under management.
3820	I think it’s just a screw missing from the door to the grill, but we haven’t managed to mend it.
3821	I think population control may well happen within the next few decades, for obvious reasons.
3822	I think that depends on where they are as a business.
3823	“I think the Illuminations has a really strong future.
3824	I think they are creating a conversation that is not helpful.
3825	I think we just got the tactics wrong.
3826	I thought I'd change the pace this week and bring you two ideas - an easy up-do for hair and a round-up of my favourite hand and nail products.
3827	'I thought it was a bit dangerous because it could have been a choking hazard.
3828	"I thought we started well but after the penalty we crumbled, which was a bit of nightmare.
3829	It includes, for the first time, prize money for the 2016 SSE Scottish Women's Cup winners, with a prize money pot to be extended to earlier rounds from next season.
3830	It is a 10 minute walk to the city centre, 10–15 minutes to the Downing Site and New Museums Site and 20–25 minutes to the Sidgwick Site and University Library.
3831	It is about making sure that when abused children need support, someone is there.
3832	"It is about recognising that people who have direct experiences of poverty and social insecurity, have insight and ideas about what would make a difference to address these problems in the UK," she said.
3833	It is about time that we as a country took account of that in whatever policy we have from this Government.
3834	It is a common dragonfly of well-vegetated canals, marshes and as well as lakes and gravel pits.
3835	It is a Community Benefit Society which is part of an innovative strategy led by the County Council to manage some of its libraries, archives and cultural services across the county.
3836	It is a five-minute walk along De Parys Avenue into the town centre.
3837	It is a legal requirement for children to wear a helmet in some resorts and countries, and in some cases it’s also compulsory for adults to wear a helmet in certain specified areas of the mountain such as advanced terrain parks.
3838	It is all too common this day and age, for people to quickly moan and groan at even the slightest hint of poor customer service or standards, but then never take the opportunity to praise the opposite.
3839	It is also available only to customers seeking a repayment mortgage, rather than an interest-only mortgage.
3840	It is also great to facilitate the interaction between TAs during the wet and dry practical sessions, which always creates a few laughs.
3841	It is also used when replacing a boiler, using the boiler as the primary heating source.
3842	It is also useful to state what is not acceptable.
3843	It is also usually possible for visitors to change their minds after acceptance as long as they do so no later than on arrival.
3844	It is always the tenant’s responsibility to pay the rent, but circumstances change.
3845	It is a major part of organised crime today.
3846	It is a marketing document about you.
3847	It is a moral teething, and I grind with greater energy, in proportion to the increase of pain'.
3848	It is a multi-purpose building and will be a wonderful performance space for productions this school year.
3849	It is a new approach and of course we need to think it through carefully.
3850	It is an offence to use any handwritten notes for marketing purposes.
3851	It is anticipated that a typical application to rent premises will take a minimum of four months to complete.
3852	It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Evans.
3853	It is appropriate to let due process take its course before considering any comment on the matter.'
3854	It is a school that delights in children being children, it encourages individuality, and it values determination, perseverance and passion.
3855	It is a simple reminder that whether anyone ever writes a biography about us or not, we have only one life, so let’s live it.
3856	It is a social justice movement hiding out within the wider health system and Sociology departments.
3857	It is a special place that feels like home from home, where families can make the most of their time together and create happy memories during their children’s short lives.
3858	It is as simple as choosing a contest where you can play for cash or just for fun, then you pick your players and then watch and win.
3859	It is a starting point but the end point we’re seeking is a brilliant new town centre which will serve the people of Barking and east London.”
3860	It is a thought provoking exercise designed to help you and your group think about other people in your community and what type of place they and you may want to live in.
3861	It is believed that the ability to separate relevant sounds from background noise stems from the early days of human evolution where men were the ones responsible for tracking animals and hunting down food.
3862	It is believed that the boat may have been called GUDRUN, previously, and may then have been owned by another company sailing out of Milford."
3863	It is by far your most important piece of safety kit you will ever own, so here are a few facts that could save your life.
3864	It is charities and voluntary organisations and community groups that enable them to turn their interest into action.
3865	It is clear that we have a thriving population of foxes around the Fenland villages and surrounding farmland outside the town.
3866	It is designed for people who are looking to gain an advanced level of understanding and capability in the use of Microsoft Excel to produce advanced spreadsheet outputs.
3867	It is easiest to increase prices when demand is high.
3868	“It is encouraging to see that the National Infrastructure Commission is looking to devote resources to investigate how cycling in the city can be developed.
3869	It is essential that people are able to talk to journalists on matters of public interest without fear that their cover will be blown.
3870	It is expected all 19 of the patients at the hospital - some of which are from as far away as Wales - will be relocated by mid-December.
3871	It is free to join the library and to borrow books.
3872	It is fully equipped with a dishwasher, microwave oven, large double cavity oven, powered cooker extractor and hob and integrated fridge freezer.
3873	It is good that you got chance to try one of the recommended local restaurants from our list as a takeaway during your stay and found it very enjoyable too.
3874	It is great to see that the local heritage is being recorded for all to see.
3875	It is hoped this project can offer music therapy to people who are experiencing emotional difficulties.
3876	It is ideal for those early in their career or those looking for a refresher course, as it provides an overview of all elements of an RCT.
3877	It is illegal to pay cash.
3878	It is imperative that you ensure your dog’s microchip details are up to date, should you move house or have rehomed a dog.
3879	It is important all of these materials are recycled in the blue bin and not put in the wrong containers.
3880	It is important that you adhere to information and advice given to you by health professionals, and co-operate with the practice in endeavouring to keep you healthy.
3881	“It is important to get the win,” he told ChelseaTV.
3882	It is just the third time that England has hosted it in its 56-year history and the first time the showpiece has been held in the North West of England.
3883	It is more like a democratic venture fund if you will in terms of where we are.
3884	It is more than that; it is the livelihoods of many people there.
3885	It is normal to have back hair, especially if you are male, but if the hair is thick and noticeable this can become a problem.
3886	It is not easy and can take many attempts to try and get it right.
3887	It is not fully understood why hair loss occurs after weight loss surgery but it is linked with the changes that happen in your body after surgery.
3888	It is not necessarily identical to a synopsis.
3889	It is our aim to help our customers achieve the perfect nightâ€™s sleep and whether you suffer from a bad back or are a restless sleeper, we can help you find a mattress that offers you the support you need.
3890	It is owned by Penny and Mike Jones.
3891	It is particularly important now we have moved to a linear system that boys keep themselves on track academically and maintain a good pace of progress over the two years up to the A Level exams in the Upper Sixth.
3892	It is particularly important to observe this rule when addressing a jury.
3893	It is placed on an elevation perfectly detached, dry, airy, and, as far as I am a judge, well built.
3894	It is possible to transfer onto the BSc Engineering Geology and Geotechnics programme at any point up until the end of the second year as both degree programmes have a common first and second year.
3895	It is predicted that 30,000 more technical staff in performing arts and live performance will be needed by 2017.
3896	It is really a pleasure to work with Breaking Blue.”
3897	“It is really hard to create an emotional connection in that way.
3898	It is reasonable to expect the complainant to do this and so we will not investigate.
3899	It is recommended for oily, acne prone skin with blemishes and scars.
3900	It is recommended that interested organisations focus in a small number, of these locations – where it makes most business sense to do so.
3901	It is salutary to realise just how close to the wind the club sailed on several occasions and how easily the club might have changed irrevocably or even been forced to come to an untimely end.
3902	It is simply a matter of time before new technology drastically impacts on well established, mature industries and markets and brings about massive transformations to the way they operate.
3903	It is that feeling that we hope to pass on to our customers.
3904	It is the aim of the Council to make the initial site visit as soon as it is practicably possible.
3905	It is the clear Achilles heel of the.
3906	It is the easiest and the best recipe for a foolproof, lump-free sauce.
3907	It is the house after “Woodpeckers”, which has a circular reversing mirror on their brick entrance.
3908	It is their stories of family life at Melford – from visits by their cousin Beatrix Potter through to our visitors today that make this house more than bricks and mortar.
3909	It is the snippets of personal information that, in the age of technology everywhere, is your life.
3910	It is the tribunal’s aim to ensure that a parent or young person should not need to engage legal representation when appealing a decision.
3911	It is the world’s first premium sportswear brand specifically for men, targeting only the most discerning athletes who value the attention to detail and precision performance features that underpin all garments.
3912	It is this balance, not the size and tenor of the Conservative parliamentary majority that will likely be the dominant factor in the negotiations to come in our view.
3913	It is too early to know how this reduction may affect Richmond Park.
3914	“It is toxic out there,” said Republican congressperson Mark Walker at one such meeting in Washington DC.
3915	It is understood neither horse suffered any serious injuries.
3916	It is up to the owner/ relevant person to therefore ensure they obtain any necessary confirmation from a suitably qualified person/ provider which may assist in showing future purchasers that work has been properly carried out.
3917	It is used in searches for missing persons in hazardous environments or to support planned operations.
3918	It is used to inform the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) that you are registering a vehicle as off the road.
3919	It is very good that the data was collected.
3920	It is worth a walk down to the harbour at the bottom and the Fishermens’ Chapel off the right of the main street is interesting.
3921	It is worth seeking professional advice before you make any investment decisions.
3922	It lacks the capacity to deliver it to other markets.
3923	It lies to the south of the airfield, but there is no way you can get into it to photograph, mores the pity.
3924	It, like all of the one-bedroom cottages, features a modern en-suite.
3925	It may also be attractive if you are a mature student wishing to change career direction or return to full-time study.
3926	It may also depend upon the circumstances of the case and therefore it is recommended you contact our legal telephone helpline should the situation arise.
3927	It may at first look cheaper on paper, but if the idea is to have a second party for all your family and friends when you get back, in the long-run it could end up costing more.
3928	It may be possible, for example, that by altering the existing sales mix by selling proportionately more of the product which has the highest contribution margin, the overall contribution margin and the break-even point may be improved.
3929	It may be that for good reasons you do not wish to leave your estate to family members and in this situation a will is essential.
3930	It may come as no surprise that the largest appetite continues to be for semi-detached villas from £150,000 - £300,000, traditional villas from £300,000 - £500,000 and detached bungalows, also in this price bracket.
3931	It means having an organised mind, integrity, being loyal and seeing things clearly.
3932	It means I can take it anywhere and fit in a workout whenever convenient.
3933	It means the deal could potentially go through next week.
3934	It might be hard to believe but the duo, who also live at the County Down Distillery, “It’s our home as well as our workplace,” laughs David, have only been creating their popular gin for four years.
3935	It might be that you post once a week, or on Tuesdays and Thursdays, or three times a week.
3936	It needed to convince people that here and now in this market at this time in history, it could be great again.
3937	It noted the presence of several residences within a 400m radius.
3938	It not only showed off Holkham’s wild beauty, it further boosted its credentials in the romance stakes.
3939	It now lands on a custom offset, 42mm fork that works with the slacker head angle in order to behave itself in tight corners and through switchbacks.
3940	It offers coastal views, a bar/restaurant and free parking.
3941	“It once again confirms that Emirates Old Trafford is now one of the leading cricket venues in the world.”
3942	I took Ponting out to see some interesting thaw effects on the ice cliffs east of the Camp.
3943	It originally formed three dwellings, later further divided.
3944	It passed off peacefully.
3945	It performs once a week, every Monday morning, singing in the School Chapel service.
3946	It played a pivotal role in defending the country during the Second World War and monitored hostile activity in the skies until the end of the Cold War.
3947	It pointed out that in Zimbabwe the maize harvest is 35 per cent below average following drought.
3948	It produced tables for MPs which showed someone online for 20 off-peak hours a month with Freeserve, and with their phone line to the exchange provided by Telewest, paid the equivalent of $21.87 a month compared to $39.77 for a user in America.
3949	It promised so much, but Colchester United’s second season back in the fourth tier of English football ended in disappointment.
3950	It promotes road safety awareness, safe and sustainable road use and effective road safety policies.
3951	It provides an attractive and welcoming environment for patients and visitors with light, airy public spaces, comfortable waiting areas and modern consulting rooms.
3952	It provides the required 28 days notice of the Council’s intention to take ‘key decisions’ and to hold meetings or parts of meetings in private.
3953	It reflects the high academic standing of so many of our Fellows.
3954	It regularly campaigns on issues including support for families of children with special educational needs, improvements in miscarriage care and freedom of speech on the internet.
3955	It remains ARC’s clear belief that this is the best method as it offers the most straight forward method of increasing prize money for horsemen and allowing racecourse to compete fairly.
3956	I try to give each painting an individual character of its own.
3957	It's about listening to what the other person says, making sure you understand it, and demonstrating that you've heard it.
3958	“It's a collage of multiple women, not just a singular idea,” he continued.
3959	It’s a commonplace to describe, say, Guardian readers as more intelligent than, say, readers of The Sun.
3960	“It’s a great opportunity for FDs and CFOs, otherwise you get relegated to just a custodian function.
3961	It’s all about us being more proactive and making it easier for those with a meter to save water and money.
3962	It’s all effortlessly chic and cool, quirky and fun while undoubtedly and unashamedly luxe.
3963	It’s all going on right here in this game, so brave the blizzard and fight for your icy wins!
3964	‘It’s all happened very naturally and it’s a great place to be.
3965	It's all in a day's work.
3966	It’s also a good idea to switch off lights when you leave a room.
3967	It’s also easier to see the great benefits of Trulawn artificial grass with our new colourful icons.
3968	It’s also more likely to affect women, non-smokers, and people who get travel sick or have had post-operative sickness before.
3969	It’s also planning to launch a green tariff later this year that will supply Sussex-generated clean energy directly to customers.
3970	It’s also the only venue in Westminster approved to hold ceremonies outdoor on deck.
3971	It’s always a good idea to let them understand how their actions are impacting you.
3972	It's always best to write a letter as the research could be a red-herring + one never knows the health situation of an elderly person.
3973	It’s a must-have for journalists, bloggers, magazines and news agencies.
3974	“It’s an exciting time for the whole team and for our customers as we see the plant taking shape,” said project engineer Neil Hunter.
3975	It’s appalling that they feel they are compromised if they come to some sort of reasonable understanding.
3976	It’s a pretty, pebbled stretch backed by greenery-covered…
3977	It’s a social commentary that in true Dickens style still resonates to this very day.
3978	It's a terrific choice if you want a quick lunch in the quiet and elegant atmosphere of the dining room, and it's one of the better lunchtime offerings for vegetarians.
3979	It’s Audi’s most popular SUV, so the German company is counting on it to impress buyers enough to convince them to buy either another Q5 or defect from BMW or Volvo.
3980	It's a widely popular therapy, and today's course will teach you everything you need to know to start a Reiki practice, or just to treat your friends and family.
3981	Its basically just a simple calculation based on a stick figure drawing of a dinosaur.
3982	It’s been a fascinating learning curve, involving everything from university research, primary classrooms, the science curricula of our four home nations and the operational needs of a multimedia educational campaign.
3983	It’s been going on for well over a month for me and it’s starting to irritate the f*ck out of me.
3984	It's called public avoidance and to a certain extent I have it too.
3985	Its class-leading spaciousness leaves rear seat passengers satisfied, with greater legroom with no compromise on boot space, thanks to its longest-in-class wheelbase.
3986	Its curved, double-ended shape gives you a deep and wide interior that's perfect for shared bathing.
3987	Its design and layout has remained largely unaltered since 1800, at the time the current castle was built.
3988	It's economical too, with a combined fuel economy figure of 67.3 MPG and CO2 emissions of just 99 g/km, which is zero tax rated.
3989	Its Equity Release Market Monitor shows retired Scottish homeowners have pocketed more than £55,000 tax-free by releasing wealth from their homes in the past year.
3990	It sets criteria that companies must meet in order to be accredited.
3991	It’s got weirdly balmy all of a sudden.
3992	“It’s great to see a retailer expand within shopping City, and shows Halton business is flourishing.
3993	It's hard to believe but barely two weeks after we featured a stunning Victorian station house near Caistor, another promptly makes tracks onto the sales market.
3994	It should be noted that if support fails to hold here then a more significant correction could be on the way.
3995	It should be noted that it is reliant on the individual's remuneration being reflective of his or her contribution.
3996	“It should not be, but it is and that is what the children are really proud of.
3997	It shows that a relief road to the west of Sudbury would cost approximately £40 million with a benefit to cost ratio of greater than 3, which means that for every £1 invested in the new road there would more than £3 of transport benefits.
3998	It shows that over half of the costs of the scheme could be met by London using existing funding mechanisms.
3999	It's important to get expenses right.
4000	It’s important to keep learning and moving forward.”
4001	It's important to note that the Council had no local policies of its own protective of pubs but relied entirely on the NPPF – which proved sufficient.
4002	It's important to seek medical help when hallucinations occur.
4003	It’s important to try and not do too much too soon, especially if your job involves manual work.
4004	“It’s important we get the three points because we want to be keeping up with the top two and not get dragged into the battle for fourth and fifth.”
4005	It sits adjacent to the former pumphouse and filtration tank, which has become a haven for local wildlife since its closure, and features and oak access deck with exploratory boardwalks over the surrounding ponds and wildlife area.
4006	It sits well when fully inserted and doesn't fall out until you want it to - and that's when the pleasure really starts!
4007	It's just so that there's only one vote per person and there aren't loads of Lego emails after that - but I can see why people might be worried there would be.
4008	It’s key to make sure employee devices are Wi-Fi ready, so they can make the most of any available wireless connectivity.
4009	It’s knee-deep in history, with sights like the Catania Cathedral, the Aci Castle, and a roll call of Baroque palaces and churches.
4010	It sleeps 20 and combines all the style of a boutique hotel with the individuality and exclusivity of a private home and as such is very much arranged for entertaining with a dining room, two drawing rooms, a snug and a basement disco!
4011	It’s like coming across a crashed helicopter in a jungle; it’s an exercise in imagination rather than appreciation of a museum piece, and our kids loved it.
4012	It’s like in soccer: If just one person is missing you can’t win.
4013	Its links with Dracula are tenuous at best but it is still the best place to soak up one of the most popular legends in European culture.
4014	Its long lace sleeves are completed with a pretty fluted detail, whilst ruffles to the front lend a romantic finish.
4015	Its luxury en-suite boasts a multi-jet shower, free standing bath and entertainment system.
4016	"It's more serious women's lib and eventually I said yes."
4017	It's mouthwatering stuff, a moreish mix of pear and citrus flavours.
4018	It’s not just your employees that benefit from the corporate scheme, they can encourage their whole family to get involved and still benefit from the same great discount.
4019	It’s not surprising that lobbying activity surrounding the Regulation has been dubbed the most intense Brussels has ever seen.
4020	It sounds obvious but the more effective you are as a team, the more you will conquer.
4021	“It sounds ridiculous, but it is entirely accurate to say, that every plastic straw that was ever made, still exists today.
4022	Its poor relief activities were then overseen by an elected Board of Guardians, 24 in number.
4023	It’s possible that when you see someone on screen and imagine they’re like him, you’re building him up as something that he could never actually be in real life, so even if you did get to meet him it would be a complete let down.
4024	Its practitioners work over different time periods and geographical regions and draw on methodological ideas and practices from various scholarly traditions such as history, archaeology, geography, visual art and the natural sciences.
4025	Its premiere on 7th January attracted an audience of 3.5 million and share of 18.4%, the highest of the night.
4026	It’s proven in schools that smaller classes are more successful, with more attention for the children.
4027	“It’s really special because on his whole tour of, I think he’s got 50-something dates he’s doing, there are two shows which I’m going to perform in.
4028	It’s really versatile, so suits a hard training ride in the cold or wet, the armpit zips allowing really good air flow if needed, and it also has everything you’d look for in a commuter jacket too: Warm, hardy, weather resistant and snug fitting.
4029	Its robust racemes of clustered, wine-red flowers appear in April and continue into July.
4030	“It’s self sufficient – the plastic piping is self cleaning, improves the drainage and soil quality in the area over time.
4031	It’s simply not feasible or cost-effective.
4032	It's so frustrating when things happen like the incident in the dentist's.
4033	It’s so simple to play and there’s bound to be a glittering crystal win with your name on it.
4034	It stands within around two thirds of an acre of garden and oozes charm and character throughout with various exposed beams an.
4035	It's the ideal place for lying back and stargazing.
4036	It's their routine they don't work or anything.
4037	It’s then just a case of adding your messaging, choosing your font and tweaking the layout by dragging and dropping, until you’re totally happy with the end result.
4038	It’s the public sector, industry and education working together that has got us to this point today but now it’s time for the real work to begin.”
4039	It’s the question that comes round every year – is Christmas getting earlier?
4040	It’s the start of another exciting month here at Argos Pet Insurance, where we’ll keep you up to date on latest pet issues and topics which may affect you and your pet.
4041	It’s the UK’s largest classified ads site, which can make it tricky to navigate your way through the millions of listings.
4042	It still had half of Scotland caked on the outside and it was utterly filthy inside.
4043	It's time to claim your prize, that's what.
4044	It’s traditional for the groom and groomsmen to wear buttonholes, but you can add a rustic twist by choosing an alternative buttonhole.
4045	It suggests that women have a lot more to lose in the world of love, and in many ways this is true.
4046	Its UK profits feel from £273 million to £188 million during the first six months of this year.
4047	Its unfussy yet stylish decor could be described as boho-chic, but whatever you call it, it's a perfect base for tramping the three-miles of sand in view; there's an outdoor shower, seagrass carpets and beach-inspired art on the walls.
4048	It’s unlikely that the bank account is controlled by the legitimate account holder.
4049	“It supports us to help ourselves, rather than just doing things for us, which I think is very important: it gives us control over what happens on our doorstep.
4050	It's up to you to keep your home in good condition.
4051	Its very hard to find a site on European Portuguese, so thanks for making one!
4052	It’s well documented that the sooner people address their hearing loss the better.
4053	It’s what makes us who we are.
4054	It's wonderful to go for an early walk along the coast at Herne Bay or drive a little further, 10 minutes, to Whitstable.
4055	It’s worth taking advantage of the many sea and coastal boat trips available to fully appreciate what is on offer.
4056	It takes lots of time, but we believe that actively managing this group means you will get more from it.
4057	It takes place at Cilcain Village Hall on Saturday, March 3 from 7.30pm.
4058	It takes time to be able to craft a kitchen fitting trade and you know with us you get experience as well as quality kitchen designs and kitchen fittings.
4059	It then went from bad to worse for Ramsbottom as they lost possession from the kick-off, allowing Danny Holland to score to double his side’s the lead.
4060	It took me some years for me to be persuaded by my husband’s veterinary colleagues to apply for assistance from Vetlife but, once I began, the process was simple.
4061	It took two to create this house, and Kendall applauds both Hayhurst’s attention to detail and his attitude to work.
4062	It touches on related areas like employer branding and internal communication.
4063	It underwent expansion in 2012 and many existing school buildings were reorganised and refurbished in 2014.
4064	It usually takes a few months to seed out to contacts properly.
4065	It was a first home win since January for Newport, who ended a run of just one win in 14 games that has seen their own hopes of a top-seven finish hit the buffers.
4066	It was a great hunk of useless weaponry.
4067	It was agreed that this was not possible as the slats from the seat in question had been used to repair another seat on the A226 several years ago.
4068	It was agreed the fistula clips would be removed and Câ€™s fallopian tubes would be completely removed to ensure permanent and irreversible contraception.
4069	It was also agreed that the taxpayer’s employment would be terminated and that he would resign as a director.
4070	“It was an absolute privilege and joy to host a group of Oxford students at the University of Canterbury.
4071	It was an unsettled period of weather, however, with about 30mm of rain falling between the 7th and 14th.
4072	It was a period when both teams went to their very limits to make a firm bid on the title.
4073	It was a pleasure to be taught by Matt and by him been a brilliant instructor he helped me to pass 1st time.
4074	“It was a real team effort with everyone doing their job and getting us back into winning ways.
4075	It was a real test of creativity and knowledge to get the music to fit just right, making edits to shorten and lengthen the songs so that they could fit between or under dialogue.
4076	It was around 16th magnitude.
4077	It was blatant and punished – Alli got a yellow card and cemented his reputation as a nasty so-and-so.
4078	It was blissful.
4079	It was claimed that the project would create 10,000 jobs, and generate $25 million a year in revenue for the state.
4080	It was felt that there was sufficient resource to hit the targets.
4081	It was first diagnosed on the farm six years ago and at its worst, losses were as high as 70 ewes a year.
4082	It was great to hear about all of the fantastic work Action for Children are doing and am looking forward to next year’s Byte Night already!”
4083	It was hoped that some of the older club members could be persuaded to transfer from a Wednesday to a Monday evening.
4084	“It was just something I did off the cuff.
4085	“It was nice to see our kids Brodie (7) and Jess (2) at the finish line,” said Steph.
4086	It wasn’t a passive mode of film fandom.
4087	It wasn’t the only Take That song to get an outing.
4088	It wasn’t until I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder that many of my actions and behaviours made sense.
4089	“It wasn’t what we expected at all.
4090	It was of course Tewkesbury Town Crier Michael Kean-Price who has been crying for 19 years.
4091	It was originally published simultaneously in French and German, but soon after versions appeared in both Spanish and English.
4092	It was perfect in every way!
4093	“It was pretty intense and challenging – the quality of what we studied was really good.
4094	It was queried how many young people NEET had mental health issues, and if there was a follow up when they moved into the 19-24 age group to confirm if they continued to have mental health issues.
4095	It was quite a change from the Tube – I began to feel more like an explorer, rather than a hostage.
4096	It was recognised as an "industrial university" by the Scottish Office as early as 1902 and gained independent degree-giving authority in the 1970s.
4097	It was rescued commercially by the new fashion for sea-bathing that was given royal support by George III who, from 1789, took annual recuperative trips to the British coast.
4098	It was spotlessly clean and we were welcomed by a fabulous welcome pack which was greatly appreciated.
4099	It was the five-yearly census ordered by Caesar Augustus which required every man in the Roman Empire to return to his place of origin, thus ensuring that Joseph and Mary travelled to Bethlehem for the birth of Jesus.
4100	It was their third win against higher league opposition in the competition.
4101	It was there she defined her practice, designing experiences and getting involved in social projects.
4102	It was to help redesign the neighbourhood putting people back at their heart.
4103	It was very interesting when my daughter moved to Switzerland, people there go to tiny shops and have tiny trollies.
4104	It will a global regulatory framework that is flexible enough to be adapted for different jurisdictions, with education and debate within scientific and public sectors.
4105	It will almost certainly be able to provide you with options for finance and warranty, and most will be happy to part-exchange your existing car.
4106	It will also bring forward reforms to LEPs’ roles, leadership, accountability and geography.
4107	It will also give you the foundation to embark on further training or study, including a postgraduate degree at UEL.
4108	It will also help you to keep the support you had through your pregnancy.
4109	It will also never happen.
4110	It will also showcase different techniques that are available to suit different individuals ways of thinking and approaching the practise.
4111	It will be a sad day if the plans are approved.
4112	It will be at 4pm on Wed 16 February 2005, Larmor Lecture Theatre, Physics Building, Queen's University.
4113	It will be joined by Faster Payments and the Cheque & Credit Clearing Company, which incorporates the Image Clearing System (ICS) that will replace the paper processing system for cheques, bringing these major retail payments under one consolidated roof.
4114	It will clean and nourish your shoes.
4115	It will enable a learner to understand why confidentiality is important and what the four key requirements of the confidentiality model are.
4116	It will generally be painted in primer, with bearers (supports) fitted for the chosen engine.
4117	It will not be long now…….
4118	It will pay Mr X £750 towards the cost of a scooter as well as apologising for not complying with statutory guidance on complaint handling and reviewing its complaints handling practice to ensure it complies with statutory guidance.
4119	It will take place at the Village Hall, Coxcombe Lane, from 8pm.
4120	“It will then be down to the Licensing and Regulatory Committee to decide upon whether the licence can be granted.
4121	It will train educational instructors and development agents for the districts (a course which was suggested by President Guebuza himself).
4122	It won't be for everyone but if you can live with the styling, it's a real contender, as buoyant sales demonstrate.
4123	It works best if the SQP has an intimate knowledge of both the project in question and the staff undertaking the work.
4124	It would also serve an area where 6,000 new homes are planned.
4125	"It would be a mistake for the UK government to bomb Syria, we know from Afghanistan that many of the people killed in bombings are the ordinary people.
4126	It would be nice to hear them cut loose a little more, and they clearly can.
4127	It would be of benefit that the Sub-Committee would have additional information to make good quality decisions in relation to gambling applications.
4128	It would not call for the united mass protests and strikes that could pose an alternative to communalism for fear of where they would lead.
4129	It would probably be something about the local area, local walks, and maybe poems from a local writer.
4130	I understand that once my submission is uploaded to the repository, a citation to it will always remain visible, although the author(s) retain the right to update it.
4131	I understand that this is natural stone so there will be some slight variation but the sample that I received had only a couple of copper bricks and the rest were grey / green.
4132	I undertook this planned LC 23 inspection by meeting with facility representatives from the Highly Active Liquor Evaporation and Storage (HALES) Operating Unit (OU).
4133	I urge the Government to encourage platforms that have not yet registered to consider doing so and signing up to the code of practice.
4134	“I used to come here a few years ago but I haven’t been for four or five years.
4135	I used to walk into a room and sit in the corner, avoiding talking to anyone.
4136	I used to watch Star Trek eons ago.
4137	I use my knowledge of the wider external environment and long-term situations to inform effective decision making.
4138	I utilise a digital embroidery machine which provides an effective mediator through which I can explore aspects of time, physicality and process.
4139	I value all people and believe that communities can resolve problems if we all work to solve local issues – everything works better when we work together.
4140	IV, c. 72 (local act).
4141	I’ve also been out birdringing with the Brandon birdringers, been to set up hedgehog survey tunnels, and visited hedgehog rescue centres.
4142	I’ve also done some work with Coast to Capital, they really strive to connect business and education so I think there is willingness – it’s bridging the gap between the two, and apprenticeships and placement schemes are a way of doing that.
4143	I've found the story's and advise on here to be really helpful, so thankyou.
4144	I’ve had a few offers in the last couple of months but they weren’t right for me with what I have going on.
4145	I’ve never had to do that.
4146	“I’ve never seen anything like this before.
4147	I've posted about this (PMR) before, and my comments have been ignored before.
4148	I very much believe that there needs to be a team effort.
4149	I’ve tried to adopt an open mindset that does not remain static.
4150	“I’ve worked in different industries and lived in different places but here, I’ve got the most flexibility, the chance to make a difference.
4151	Iv had him from birth his had all vacations has been microchipped.
4152	I visit the forest everyday to walk my dogs.
4153	Ivory Jacobs are working with an organisation that are based in Cosham.
4154	I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for the excellent customer service i received from you and your colleagues.
4155	“I want to show that the heroic efforts of Second Lieutenant Myles are still remembered and were not in vain.”
4156	"I was 40+ 2 weeks pregnant when I was induced, however I was over-contracting so I went to Simpson’s Maternity Unit in Edinburgh.
4157	I was a AQ2013 student and they really helped me to complete my project and qualify.
4158	I was a graduate student in the Department of Zoology, Cambridge where I worked with Professor Malcolm Burrows, FRS, examining sensory-motor information processing in insects.
4159	"I was also offered regular appointments with the nurse to weigh myself and discuss my diet.
4160	I was also taken aback by how willing people were to give up their time to talk to me, and the internship provided a really good opportunity to meet people across many different divisions.
4161	I was defined by canoeing and wanted to try something new.
4162	I was delighted that my first big event as the new British High Commissioner to Pakistan after I arrived in January was to host a Burns Night party.
4163	I was disappointed due to the tin of paint that I had ordered came with bub.
4164	I was given a much larger room than I was expecting and overall I was very impressed with the level of accommodation for the price that I paid - great value for money!
4165	I was lookig to volunteer overseas and called Oxfam who told me to call wse.
4166	I wasn't that nervous about driving at all thanks mainly to my instructor who was brilliant and I had a very positive and enjoyable experience.
4167	I was offered Mede but decided against them for now, seeing specialist again in 6 months.
4168	I was only parting accidentally my way to lirLston.
4169	I was re-elected in 2017 and currently Chair the Adult and well being Scrutiny Panel.
4170	I was referred to St.Georges. There then followed over 2 years of cancelled and chaotic appointments leading to the treatments failing to deal with the consequential implications of the condition.
4171	I was very emotional for a long time after the donation, and could never talk about it without welling up.
4172	I watched the roulette for about 10 minutes playing my imaginary money, keeping a track of my imaginary winnings and loses.
4173	I welcome the positive news that we will see extra train carriages in the coming weeks to provide more comfortable journeys in and out of London.
4174	I welcome this opportunity to debate the MOD budget, and I thank the hon.
4175	I went to another place, called the It Club, where I heard George Braith, who plays alto and soprano.
4176	I went to my local comprehensive school in North East Derbyshire, and in 2005 arrived at King’s College London to read a degree in French and Philosophy.
4177	I went to Oxford to study chemistry as an undergraduate and then stayed on to do a PhD in chemical biology and joined Professor Chris Schofield’s research team.
4178	“I will now be raising with HM Treasury our support for a Phase 3 which would involve more rural fillings stations across the UK to build on the scheme’s obvious success.”
4179	I will swim in almost anything and even I didn't like it; the family hated it.
4180	I wish to complain in the strongest of terms about the absolutely appalling state of the roads system locally in my area of Harrogate (Almsford Oval), both before and (what is worse) after repair work has been done on them.
4181	I wonder where my cultural reflections are centred?
4182	I won’t go into the details of that at the moment, but needless to say the First Minister appeared to be engaged and interested.
4183	I work with the farming community on the River Nar helping to improve water quality through river restoration.
4184	I would advise keeping a finger or bookmark in the copious notes section at the back, as it pays dividends to refer to it at the appropriate point in the main text.
4185	“I would also be cautious about using customer on the internet application.
4186	I would be interested to know the views of the Parish Council on this matter.
4187	I would dearly love it if they did not proceed with it.
4188	I would definately recommend The Met to everyone.
4189	I would honestly not recommend anyone else.
4190	I would like to attend another course in future.
4191	I would like to contribute to the MS Society as a member of Council.
4192	I would like to ensure that I hear every child’s ‘voice’ as often as possible.
4193	"I would like to reassure communities that additional high visibility patrols will be taking place over the Halloween and Bonfire night period.
4194	I would like to see some random inspection because many deficiencies can be dealt with in time for a visit of the QAA team.
4195	I would like to thank everyone at haart for helping us with our move.
4196	I would like to thank the Matrix officers within our force for the hard work they have done alongside MerSAR to enable the unit to go live this week.
4197	I would not change any of it.
4198	I wouldn’t help the fuckers.
4199	I wouldn’t say I came from a musical family.
4200	I wouldn’t trade that for anything.”
4201	I would say that coming to college can be very rewarding, you always learn something new.”
4202	I would think whether you borrow the money and pay interest, buy outright or lease it still counts as investment – it all reduces what is left from revenue.
4203	'I wound up NAKED in her closet!'
4204	Jacek and Justyna have created a relaxing hideaway stripped of all modern annoyances leaving you with no option but to chill.
4205	Jack Huggins, of no fixed address, has links to North Herts – as well as Kings Cross and Camden in London – and he is thought to have possibly travelled to Arlesey.
4206	Jack said, “Big C is very important to me and helped talk about the elephant in the room that so many people would avoid because they didn’t know how to approach the conversation.
4207	Jacksonville beats football pick week one MN 26-13.
4208	Jack & the Beanstalk runs at the Shaw Theatre, London, from 9 December.
4209	Jack, we are here for you whenever you are ready; we can listen, talk you through what help you need, pass a message for you and help you to be safe.
4210	Jake Overy played her over-sized mother, Edna Turnblad, who forbad her to audition for the show at first but relented as fame beckoned.
4211	James has since built, advised and invested in a series of digital businesses.
4212	​​​​James has two years' experience in Central London markets and has advised a number of occupiers including: Equinix, Basware, GTT Communications, The Pensions Trust, Analysis Group, MarkLogic, Dialight, Prospect 33 and Sapphire Systems.
4213	James Lefevre then picked out Harding with a superb through ball and he added a fourth.
4214	James Loughlin was brilliant, perfect all round entertainer, really good at getting the party going, very very professional, we will recommend him.
4215	Jane Crisp, wood worker was awarded The Tony Piper Memorial Award fro Craft Excellence by The Devon Guild of Craftsmen.
4216	Jane is a new Family Fund blogger, she has been a single parent for six years.
4217	Janey Stafford is involved in an accident when searching for her nephew's father.
4218	Janine Edwards - Turning pointWe use cookies to analyse how visitors use our website and to help us provide the best possible experience for users.
4219	January 17th, 2018 - Events - Mottingham - Whats on - Mottingham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4220	January 20th, 2019 - Events - York - Whats on - York TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4221	Jared had a lot more experience in cycling and racing and probably a 12, 15 year background in it.
4222	Jeanette Winterson OBE is a playwright and novelist exploring the boundaries of physicality and the imagination, as well as gender polarities and sexual identities.
4223	JEAN LILIAN REAVEY (née Ribbons) Aged 85 Peacefully at home on 26th April 2018.
4224	Jeni explains what residential and buy to let mortgage lenders count as income if you're self-employed or the director of your own business.
4225	Jennie Lucas's parents owned a bookstore and she grew up surrounded by books, dreaming about faraway lands.
4226	Jeremy Corbyn meanwhile continues to be seen more favourably than the Prime Minister, with a net favourability score of -14 (about the same as the last survey).
4227	Jeremy Hughes, Chief Executive will present a keynote address at the conference, we will also have an exhibition stand at the conference offered information to delegates.
4228	Jesmond was originally known as Gese Muth – “the mouth of the Ouse” in the eleventh century.
4229	Jessops continues to look after the photography and camera enthusiast too though, it sells a range of cameras fit for pro and weekend warrior types alike.
4230	Jetcost propose you an easy to use flight search engines where you can find cheap Yemenia - Yemen Airways tickets, thanks to all partners who are providing us best deals and airline's tickets.
4231	Jetcost searches for late deals and compare prices on flights to Mozambique from the UK or abroad.
4232	Jevons drowned while swimming when on holiday at Hastings and is buried in Hampstead cemetery in north London.
4233	Jim believes that anyone can learn to be more entrepreneurial through a process of enablement that focuses on mindsets and behaviours.
4234	Jim has been planting trees over the last 30 years and it is now a haven of woodland amongst the open countryside, attracting lots of wildlife.
4235	J Lea and J Young, What is to be done about law and order?
4236	Job cuts and pay freezes depress demand.
4237	Job hunters will have a chance to meet prospective employers at a special event later this month alongside the venue’s regular weekly job club.
4238	Joel Colbran played the ball in to Parsons in the 61 minute who shot on the turn at Roberts.
4239	Joe Williams then made things even better with a second try even though his side were playing up the slop and into the driving wind and rain.
4240	John Hess was the BBC's Political Editor for the East Midlands until 2015.
4241	John Keeble Photography was now able to whisk Linsey and Darryl away for some intimate photos together in and around the houses and grounds at the Fennes before rejoining their guest for the group shots.
4242	John’s moment came later with the fire bow, making an ember on his first attempt.
4243	Johnson, Chalmers, 2008, “Why the US has Really Gone Broke”, Le Monde Diplomatiquehttp://mondediplo.
4244	Johnson spent some time working as a teacher at a school in Market Bosworth.
4245	Joint ownership information may be received from a third party (one of the joint owners).
4246	Join us for a series of initiatives, think tanks and events, exploring five key strands over the next 18 months.
4247	Join us for drinks and nibbles 10:30 - 12:30 and see the wonderful facilities we have here at Basepoint Tewkesbury.
4248	Join us for Moray Chamber of Commerce’s Business Summit – the final event of Moray Business Week.
4249	Join us for the black tie Gala Awards dinner, taking place at Cheltenham Racecourse on September 20.
4250	JOLYON Palmer is expecting Enstone’s Renault cars to be competitive when the Formula 1 season reaches Canada this weekend.
4251	Jonathan Green, marketing and communications director for Red Funnel, said: "The suspense is building as the votes come in for visitors' favourite Island destinations, and we can't wait for the winners to be announced at the upcoming awards ceremony.
4252	Jonathan was interviewed on Tuesday 4 April on chemical attacks on Idlib, and commented "Compared to the past few months, it indicates an escalation, and an escalation at a time when the Syrian Government's position is strengthening".
4253	Jorge and Maydel find a very old map that might piece together a profit for them.
4254	“Josh has until the end of April to qualify for what will be his biggest competition to date.
4255	Jospice cares for over 150 ill patients each year.
4256	Jota, 21, has been a key player in Wolves’ rise to the top of the Championship with 11 goals in 29 starts.
4257	Journal of Medical Internet Research, 15 (10).
4258	Jump inside and it feels immediately special; tightly constructed, with a confidence cars tend to exude as they reach the end of their production lives, with all the bugs ironed out long ago.
4259	June saw the arrival of Parsley – a chapman’s zebra.
4260	Junior Account Manager wanted to join this boutique design agency with some of the biggest name clients going, based in Central London.
4261	Just 1mm can prevent up to 35% of heat loss from rooms.
4262	Just as ‘soft’ security measures require clear communication of your organisation’s security culture, ‘hard’ measures require establishing clear procedures to address any failures to adhere to security policy.
4263	Just as Thorne’s hit tv series revealed quirky relationships, this drama homed in on a family and the odd people they met.
4264	Just because you are a stressed out business owner doesn’t excuse you from making poor eating decisions.
4265	Just because you’re called a copywriter, don’t start thinking about writing.
4266	Just don’t drink any of it warm.
4267	Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said: ‘We have to bring down the cost of our prison system, much of which is old and expensive.
4268	Justin and the team are on hand to help at every stage of the planning process to make certain that everything runs smoothly on the day.
4269	Justin James Lettings Justin James Lettings and Property Management are based in the historical village of Shardlow, close to the market town of Long Eaton.
4270	Just like the first one, this was as special as they come for Burton Albion in English football's second tier, against the team who for so many years were brought to Eton Park and the Pirelli for high-profile pre-season friendlies.
4271	Just make sure you keep your camera charged at all times as you’re most certainly not going to want to miss a moment!
4272	Just picking up on Kevini's point about finances, I was sole LPA and certainly did not feel any guilt about claiming expenses (eg petrol for 120 mile round trips to visit, take her to appointments etc) from her funds.
4273	Just the other day, I had a stupid question, talking about the "Louis And The Good Book" album —"Who did the vocal arrangements?"
4274	Just to reassure you that you’re not stuck on hold on the telephone and being told that “Your call is important to us.”
4275	"Just to remind you that CWC stops it's regular Tuesday morning clinic after 19th July.
4276	Just to say a big thank you for selling my property so quickly and for particularly listening to my situation and needs.
4277	Just wanted to say how amazing a day we had from start to finish!
4278	Just what we wanted.”
4279	Kaizen Contract Services is a leader in building maintenance with over 20 years’ experience of bringing old stone, bricks and masonry back to life in buildings, walls and paths.
4280	Karen led the Laser fleet for most of the race.
4281	Kärg Kama is an Honorary Research Associate at the School of Geography and the Environment since April 2018, when she took up the post of Lecturer in Human Geography at the University of Birmingham, School of Geography, Earth and Environmental Sciences.
4282	Kaste01 is a stunning collection of 4 contemporary grey toned concrete tiles.
4283	Kate may be the most photogenic, Harry the most charming, George the cheekiest, but with 91 appearances so far, the Queen reigns supreme.
4284	Kate’s research looked at meadow style planting and whether it could be used in public spaces.
4285	Kay has enjoyed a lot of success.
4286	KCASA KC-FM05 Beach Description: KCASA KC-FM05 Beach Smart Home Kitchen Appli.
4287	Keep a kettle, T bags, milk, sugar and biscuits accessible for your moving day and plan on a take out in the evening with a bottle of Champers!
4288	Keep direction on the path, negotiating the rise and fall into gullies where water from the hillside drains to the reservoir.
4289	Keep in touch with loved ones and be careful not to isolate yourself.
4290	Keep the bag somewhere dry and handy so you can pop any bits into it straight away while camping, avoiding rust and lumps of dried mud getting everywhere.
4291	Keep up to date with the latest news, events, grants and more with the Malvern Hills Business e-Bulletin.
4292	Kellie also stayed and socialised afterwards, and you could see how much it meant to people to be able to talk directly to her.
4293	‘Kept in the SCRS’ indicates how long a document should stay in the Semi-Current Records Store before it is either reviewed, confidentially shredded or transferred to the archive.
4294	Kesteven earnt a line-out in the Spalding 22 and kept the pressure on.
4295	Ketamine is a dissociative anaesthetic, meaning users will feel detached from themselves and their immediate surroundings.
4296	Kettlewell are lovely to deal with - pleasant staff, prompt and efficient.
4297	Keytek is the largest national locksmith company in the UK today offering 24-hour local emergency services in Norwich and the surrounding area.
4298	Kickboxing incorporates modern and traditional kickboxing.
4299	Kidlington secured their first league victory in more than six weeks, with a 1-0 success at Paulton Rovers.
4300	Kilda Cruises (4 hrs) leave most days' midweek (Apr-Sept) from Leverburgh, South Harris, 01859 502060.
4301	Kilmory Primary perform the charming and humorous Spring Chicken.
4302	King John seized the castle in 1215 but was forced to return it to the control of the Archbishop of Canterbury as part of the terms of the Magna Carta of 1215.
4303	King said: "It's a fantastic achievement from the players, especially after back-to-back relegations.
4304	King’s Cross, with its rich social history and dynamic environment, has long inspired film-makers, photographers and artists.
4305	King's is the ideal place for your son or daughter to pursue their passion for riding and/or competing, as well as take part in a number of additional, varied extra-curricular activities, and get an excellent academic education.
4306	King’s School Canterbury go further than any school in promoting the use of technology throughout the school including in the classroom.
4307	Kings Science Academy has now been taken over by Dixons, a six-school academy chain, and a new head has been appointed.
4308	Kirsty Weakley: What is the Compact, and does it still matter?
4309	KNH will make available the correct people for the job utilising our wealth of talent and experience.
4310	KNH will now report to a future meeting of Kirklees Council’s Cabinet to set out how they will recoup the money and explain how they will prevent any similar errors occurring the future.
4311	Knowledge and information needs of young people with epilepsy and their parents: mixed-method systematic review.
4312	Known as the Motor Radiator Company, interestingly, one of their owners was a German, called Hans Zimmermann.
4313	Known as the ‘Smoke that Thunders’ and named one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World, this spectacular waterfall is one of southern Africa’s most breathtaking sights.
4314	KPM apologised for the breaches that had occurred.
4315	Kuching is a small city sitting on the banks of the Sarawak River offering a great place to begin or end your visit to Borneo.
4316	Kudos to Greenpeace for one of the most striking set of visuals concerning plastic waste that we’ve ever seen.
4317	Labour for the service will be free for four hours for tenants in receipt of housing benefit.
4318	Lady is right to identify the important role that the public sector plays and to say that we have to try additionally hard.
4319	Lady puts her finger on the nub of this debate.
4320	Lady think it is really good at the moment?
4321	Lady, who is a Greater Manchester Member of Parliament, should talk to her leaders in Greater Manchester who put the proposal to the Government.
4322	Lamberton Wrought Iron, who are conveniently based in Bury, design, supply and install beautiful bespoke gates and railings for extremely affordable prices.
4323	Lambeth Council leader Cllr Lib Peck, who also chaired the Commission, said: “I was very keen to get doers, not talkers on the Commission, because we wanted to get a report that could be implemented at the end of it.
4324	Laminate floor, two radiators, ceiling spotlights, double glazed windows to each side and rear elevations, plus rear door and French doors onto the rear garden.
4325	Lanarkshire has a centuries-old association with coal mining.
4326	Lance Bosmans, Home Manager at Derby Heights, was delighted.
4327	Lancome La Vie Est Belle is floral and oriental fragrance for women.
4328	Landlords are unlikely to welcome CRAR with open arms, as it takes away one of the greatest advantages of the remedy of distress – the element of surprise.
4329	Landowners benefited from the trade, as it helped their tenants to pay their rents.
4330	Land Rover has finally dragged its Defender into the 21st century and not before time too.
4331	Land Rover is celebrating its ‘Testimonial Season’, ten years of the Land Rover Premiership Rugby Cup.
4332	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.7.65 miles from Sparkbrook.
4333	Lanes Closed : All lanes will be closed.9.29 miles from Brent Cross.
4334	Lanes Closed : There is one of four lanes closed.4.5 miles from Gorton.
4335	Lanes Closed : There will be one of three lanes closed.2.13m from Caterham.
4336	Lapal Nursery Preschool and Playgroup on Priory Rd, Halesowen, Dudley B62 0BZ is one of Chameleon’s clients.
4337	Large emphasis on well-being of employers but only if under the right leadership, however, nature of job makes it difficult to have a good work-life balance.
4338	Large gravel driveway leading to the attached double garage with electric garage door.
4339	Large light reception, separate kitchen and extension, upstairs are two bedrooms and the family shower room.
4340	Large shower cubicle, rainfall shower, toilet and washbasin.
4341	Large town house with garden in a quiet street in Tufnell Park.
4342	Large uPVC double glazed windows facing front aspect.
4343	Larry Ellison claimed on CNBC that eBeg uses 95 percent Oracle technology.
4344	Laser cutting now sets a standard for state of the art sheet metal profiling, and offers a cost-effective way of producing complex "one-offs" to the largest of batches.
4345	Lasertech can supply customers all over the UK with Printer Cartridges and Office Products, either via their network of approaching 100 franchise territories or via their online store.
4346	Lasting Power of Attorney gives someone you choose the right to make decisions for you regarding your finances or health and welfare.
4347	Last In The Tin Bath by David Lloyd.
4348	Last season, he notched five goals and four assists, which is in truth a fairly modest return.
4349	Last Viceroy is a restaurant serving a variety of meals to be enjoyed by individuals and groups.
4350	Last week, Hansgrohe participated in their first ever Clerkenwell Design Week.
4351	Last week's trip for Brora Rangers to Kilmarnock was not just a memorable experience for the county of Sutherland but also for the youth teams at the club.
4352	Last year, he began making up funny cat names and jokingly ‘selling’ them on Twitter.
4353	Last year, he was partnered with Daisy Lowe.
4354	Last year’s Member of Youth Parliament, Thomas.
4355	Last year The Herald reported that work to remove the cladding on the three towers would start in September, however, PCH was hoping the Government would confirm what materials could be used to replace the cladding.
4356	Late payment or Over limit fees – £12.
4357	Later, a 1800 engine was briefly offered, followed by a 1970cc ‘2L’ engine producing 70bhp.
4358	Later, as a medical student, I learnt very little about homeopathy.
4359	Later, when the Hornsey Outfall Sewer was built, the area around it was developed into two separate estates, both of which were unable to build directly over the top of the sewer – nor the New River which also runs through part of the estates.
4360	Latin America, China and Europe are Brazil top exporters over the medium term. However, Brazil exports to Europe are set to decline in the medium term, while exports destined for Asia and the US continue to increase as a share of total exports.
4361	Launching fees are payable in addition to daily parking fees.
4362	Laura Owens is communications manager at Headway East London – a charity supporting people affected by brain injury.
4363	Laura shares her top tips for successfully making the leap from practice room to rehearsal room.
4364	“Lauren’s determination and tenacity will carry her through this long list of challenges, and it will be amazing to see her running in the London Marathon for us – a very special moment for anyone who takes part.”
4365	Lavenham is surrounded by lovely rural Suffolk Countryside.
4366	Lawrence Hendra – specialist on the Antiques Roadshow.
4367	Layton, 36, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, denies perverting the course of justice and two counts of preventing the lawful burial of the bodies of Mr Chapman and Mr Lee.
4368	Leading player in the UK Brussels Sprout seed market for many years.
4369	League Secretary has since spoken to Spencer Dennis who has confirmed he would be very interested in joining the management committee and will therefore be co-opted at the AGM with Brett Huxtable.
4370	Leahman Glenn Robert Potter, 48, was arrested at his home in a Pennsylvania town.
4371	Learn about Partners In Policymaking and how it is helping to empower parents of children with learning disabilities.
4372	Learners will investigate how fossil fuels are extracted and processed for use.
4373	Learn how the interaction of hardware and software shapes our everyday lives and the future of industry.
4374	Learning-by-doing as an approach to teaching social entrepreneurship (Chang, J., Benamraoui, A. and Rieple, A. 2014.
4375	Learn To Crochet Jasmine Stitch, link to free video in Spanish.
4376	Leave the T-shirts, shorts and flip-flops for the beach, and let’s respect our colleagues and our customers by dressing in a way that demonstrates we are professionals who can be trusted.
4377	Led by hero Jack, the Trott family embark on an all-out adventure to save the day, retrieve the harp and win the heart of the Princess.
4378	Lee Bowyer thinks Charlton were the better team in their play-off…
4379	Lee Bradbury's side are level on 83 points with Dartford but have a better goal difference by three strikes.
4380	Leeds City Council is committed to open government and the pro-active release of the information it holds.
4381	Lee Valley Lions will begin their 2017-18 National League season with a trip to face capital rivals Haringey Huskies at Alexandra Palace on Saturday, September 16.
4382	Left to T-junction; right along lane.
4383	Left (WA, RR), following wood edge south (‘Restrictive Byway’/RB) for ½ mile to Pangfield Farm (564719).
4384	Legally in England you are not allowed to wild camp on any land without permission, you must ask permission of the local landowner or farmer first.
4385	Legal proceedings may be issued against you and a charging order (or, in Scotland, an inhibition) obtained.
4386	Legendary Bristol club with JTM playing a dynamite mix of Indie, Mod, Northern Soul, Rock & Roll, with Top TALKING HEADS tribute playing the hits!
4387	Legendary Oldham live music venue Whittle’s has announced that it has closed down.
4388	“legislate to deliver the historic deal for Greater Manchester”.
4389	Leigham Court Road (known as St Julian's Road for some time), dates from the 19th century.
4390	Leisure Pass operates city passes in London, Dublin, Paris, Vienna and Berlin.
4391	Les left the Army for the R.A.F. and had many successful operations in Europe, before being shot down over Frankfurt.
4392	Lesson learnt for next time.
4393	Lessons focus on developing water confidence and basic skills in a fun environment, incorporating various games and activities.
4394	Less than half the population now eats bread daily.
4395	Les Tomkins talks to the influential tenor jazz saxophonist Ben Webster in 1965.
4396	Let me finish with a few words on compliance, and some points I made in a speech a few months ago.
4397	Let’s face it - the original colour muddy-coloured green was chosen seven years ago, just because it was totally different to all the other Social Media colours at the time.
4398	“Let’s find a way for the community council, Struan Lodge Development Group and IJB to work together.
4399	Let’s have a look at some of the most common.
4400	Let shorter layers hang loose for a natural-looking finish.
4401	Let’s remember that China is still growing at a rate of 6.5% per annum – currently the highest growth rate in the world.
4402	Let’s say, for example, that there was a question in a final exam paper, in which students had to study a set of data from an experiment and decide what conclusion could be safely drawn from that data.
4403	Let staff know how automatic enrolment applies to them, once they have been assessed.
4404	Let the social worker know about your family and friends.
4405	Let us all celebrate our youth, young and old and have a safe, enjoyable weekend together.
4406	Let us know using the comments box below or sign up for email alerts every time we publish a new post on Digging for Dirt.
4407	Let your cloakroom or en suite take centre stage with distinctive recessed.
4408	Let your holiday begin before you take off!
4409	Lewis Hamilton fought from 10th on the grid to 3rd.
4410	“Lewis is a good player, a genuine lad and it has taken me a long time to get him to Evesham United.
4411	Leyton Orient’s director of football is involved with a taking place on Sunday at O’s E10 home.
4412	Lhwyd discovered the keepership of the Ashmolean to be "a mean place, seeing there is no salary", and his chief source of income must have been the fees paid by visitors for seeing the curiosities.
4413	Liam graduated from London's Royal College of Art in 2013 after studying menswear under the tutorage of stylist Simon Foxton.
4414	Libraries are treasure troves of ideas, information and stories – mind-expanding and magical places to get lost in.
4415	Library catalogue and other resources - bristol.
4416	Library staff are very pleased to facilitate the learning, teaching, and research of the College and we aim to provide a range of reader services in a professional and friendly way.
4417	Lifted by the early goal, Rotherham enjoyed a spell on top in the game, creating a series of half chances, as Will Vaulks deflected a corner from the right just wide of the target, after making a good connection with his first-time strike.
4418	Like many close cup games, the match came to life with 15 minutes remaining.
4419	Like most websites we use ‘cookies’ to collect anonymous statistics about how people use the site, and to help us keep it relevant for the user.
4420	Like us, they have players who could be in a league or two higher.
4421	Likewise it is a moment for us at the ICO to reflect on how we do our work.
4422	Likewise, the care and attention we received on site from both Sally Anne and Wendy, was excellent.
4423	Lincoln alumnus Bill Cash MP (1959) has been awarded a Knighthood in the Queen's birthday honours list 2014 for his services to politics.
4424	Linear TV consumption remains strong: The way in which we watch TV is continuing to evolve with more viewing over the internet, but linear broadcast TV remains the overwhelmingly most important means of watching TV.
4425	Linking of 2-oxoglutarate and substrate binding sites enables potent and highly selective inhibition of JmjC histone demethylases.
4426	Links are written to make sense when read out of context.
4427	Links should be high quality, not high quantity gained from random posts across the web.
4428	Links with the justice system also needed to be developed.
4429	Lions, Rhinos and Zebras are just some of the animals you will be able to see from the safety of your own car!
4430	Listen out for its wild, piercing cry.
4431	ListersGeo is a long established geotechnical and geoenvironmental consultancy that operates throughout the UK and Europe.
4432	Lists should set out the details of the make and model of the vehicle, together with specifying whether the vehicle is a taxi or private hire vehicle, and stating the name of operator."
4433	LIVE MARKETS-"We're looking to sell into rallies, not buy on dips"
4434	Living in Pembridge with his wife Margaret, Richard has two grown up daughters and lists watching Rugby and Cricket as his favourite pastimes.
4435	L - I would say I’m a recreational cyclist.
4436	Liz is the defence reporter for Wales Online.
4437	Liz Rugg, Assistant Director Safeguarding, LAC and Youth Justice explained that the statistics represented a snap-shot of the activity of the Service at the end of the quarter and that there is considerable activity which goes on throughout the months.
4438	Lloyd Dowson at their last challenge at Blast Fitness in January.
4439	Lloyds Bank Low Rate Card Low interest rates - Depending on your circumstances, you could receive interest rates as low as 6.4%.
4440	Loaded Magazine asks London Doctors Clinic founder and CEO, Dr Seth Rankin, for the best ways to survive the office Christmas party!
4441	Local authorities also have a statutory duty to assist homeless and vulnerable ex-offenders in some circumstances.
4442	Local authorities must provide parents, children and young people with information and advice in relation to Special Educational Needs (SEN).
4443	Local authorities must publish comments about their Local Offer received from or on behalf of children with SEN or disabilities and their parents and young people with SEN or disabilities.
4444	Local Safeguarding Children Boards (LSCBs) are designed to help ensure this.
4445	Locarbo energy efficiency project - Durham County CouncilWe have recently updated our privacy information.
4446	Located across campus are hundreds of black and white dual recycling bins that accept all streams of waste.
4447	Located in a stunning rural setting with luxury accommodation and breakfast.
4448	Located in norther Finland, Kuusamo is one of the countrys premier winter sports destinations with fine skiing and snowmobiling facilities.
4449	Located in the sought after Spinney Lane area of Aspley Guise which is a no-through road.
4450	Located in the Victorian railway station, the bar specialises in innovative cocktails, premium wines, champagnes, spirits and craft beers.
4451	Located just down the street from, our John Dobson Street car park offers affordable and convenient parking for Newcastle City Hall.
4452	Located just minutes walk from some of Edinburgh's best loved attractions including The PlayHouse and The National Portrait Gallery, Blue Rainbow Aparthotel Edinburgh Royal Garden is a great choice for an Edinburgh holiday.
4453	Located off a quiet country lane you will find this charming cottage, with an open fire and a range cooker that add to the charm of this wonderful cottage.
4454	Located within striking distance of some of the most renowned tourist attractions, charming harbour villages and beautiful beaches in North Wales, you’ll be spoilt for choice by the range of activities on offer.
4455	LocationCliff Paddock is located with in the sought after private estate on North Foreland.
4456	Location superb, highly recommend.
4457	Lock gate being lowered into position.
4458	Lockwood Committee on Higher Education introduced selection.
4459	Lol you throw one strand of pasta.
4460	London currently has the worst air pollution and highest number of premature deaths due to poor air quality anywhere in the UK, and the Government’s own figures show it will not have met EU air quality safety limits for nitrogen dioxide even by 2030.
4461	Longer bristles to clean where others can't.
4462	Longer shutter speeds help the camera pick up more light, which makes for a beautifully crisp photo.
4463	Longleat is playing a vital role in a last ditch international race to save the world’s rarest rhino from extinction.
4464	Long Street Methodist Sunday School and Church in Middleton, Rochdale, by the innovative Manchester architect, Edgar Wood, is in a grave condition and needs significant repairs.
4465	Look for areas where you can save money and make sure you’re doing just that.
4466	Looking for a great deal on a van?
4467	Looking for information about Census 2011?
4468	Looking for more traffic to your website?
4469	Looking to Buy a Fishing Tackle Shop in the UK?
4470	Looking to hire a van from Warwickshire?
4471	Look no further with New Rock.
4472	Look out for our exciting programme of regular drop-in sessions and activity trails for families.
4473	Look through photos that remind you of happier times, if now is not a great time.
4474	Loose waste is fed straight into the plant, while packaged waste is processed in a de-packaging machine where it is shredded ready for recycling.
4475	Lord Berkeley (Lab): My Lords, I have a question or two for the Minister on these draft regulations.
4476	Lord Clement-Jones (LD): My Lords, the GDS and GOV.
4477	Lord Evans is also a non-executive director of HSBC and has resigned over concerns that there may be the perception of a conflict of interest in his holding both roles.
4478	Lord Lang of Monkton (Con): My Lords, I certainly agree with the noble Lord, Lord Empey, that there is a lot of imperviosity in the air today.
4479	Lord Patel of Bradford - Contributions - Hansard OnlineWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site.
4480	Loseley House contains one of the only paintings of Anne Boleyn, Elizabeth I's mother.
4481	Lots of different pottery shards including from Alice Holt, castor ware, Samian ware, etc.
4482	Lots of love from Mum, Dad,…
4483	Lots of people I know recommended Asda and I knew they were good because I do go to their big store in town occasionally and the only time I had a problem was to find a tea shirt I had seen advertised in the paper.
4484	Louisa found the PACT programme a really useful way to help her son learn new words on his own terms.
4485	LOUISA Johnson is back and she really wants you to know about it.
4486	Louise Allen-Taylor heads to Signatures in Conwy to find out.
4487	Lovely for me personally but I think it was really a recognition of all the work of the Insight team over the years.
4488	Lovely lounge to the rear of the home that opens onto the 120ft rear garden to enjoy on those summer days with the children.
4489	Lovely wedding and beautiful dresses, got to love the guys in mismatched suits!
4490	Low cost, proven, secure on-line Friends and Family Test (FFT) solutions for mobile and tablet apps.
4491	Lower-deck rooms, which have a window, are 150 square feet.
4492	Lucy McRobert, Campaigns Manager for The Wildlife Trusts says: “30 Days Wild is a lovely way to get closer to nature and marvel at the everyday wildlife that lives all around you.
4493	Lukasz Imielski, 34, of Monnow Gardens, West End, died following the incident on the A337 Lymington Road, near Brockenhurst, which happened at 7.15am on March 17.
4494	Luke Murphy is available again after missing the tie with parent club Leeds due to registration rules prohibiting him from playing against the Whites.
4495	Lunch at the Chequers, Fingest.
4496	Lunch not included.
4497	Luton Airport serves more than 10 million passengers, and is home to EasyJet, Monarch, Thomson Airways and Ryanair airlines, and the majority of the routes are European routes, although other destinations include North Africa and Asia.
4498	Lutterworth library is close to the main town.
4499	Luxurious and sought after, our beautifully veined marble tiles are available in a range of colours.
4500	Lux Vapers e-cig liquid refills are available in various choices of flavours including fruit flavours, drink flavours, desert flavours and more.
4501	Lydia was the final speaker of the day, and she gave us an invaluable overview of Gender Pay Gap Reporting (‘GPR’), and on the guidance provided by Acas.
4502	Lyrics are available both online and downloadable for printing out.
4503	‘Machine readable’ means that the information is structured so that software can extract specific elements of the data.
4504	Madame Georges Sand has lately been amusing herself by turning Shakspere's As you Like It into a French three-act play, with the title Comm ii vous plaira.
4505	Made in Scarpa's own European factories for one of the best quality boots in the world.
4506	Made it quick, easy and went more than the extra mile to help.
4507	Mad Max looks likely to go straight to Cheltenham and, if so, will arrive with his unbeaten record intact.
4508	Mad Science Week runs from Monday 15th to Friday 19th February in the Farm Park.
4509	Maelstrom will be a slide of two halves, lulling riders into a false sense of security as they ride a raft on calm waters through a peaceful scene of changing colours and sounds.
4510	Maggie Barton is a firm of accountants who specialise in tax advice.
4511	Maghull Community Association on Maghull TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
4512	Mags Cleaning Services is a cleaning company specialising in curtains, carpets and upholstery.
4513	MA (Hons) International Business students choose some courses in international business and strategy.
4514	Main programme starts at 7.30pm.
4515	Mains were more straightforward, with a grilled seabass (£18) for my companion and charred chicken breast (£13, right) for me.
4516	Maintain the message, modify the method: What are the most effective ways to evangelise young people in post Christian Europe?
4517	Maintenance services include security updates and general maintenance of the system.
4518	Major aquifers (rocks with large groundwater stores) such as the Permo-Triassic Sandstones of north-west England are buffered against periods of low rainfall because of their ability to store vast volumes of water.
4519	Major described the Thatcherites in the cabinet - Portillo, Lilley, Howard and Redwood - as "bastards" and their heroine, Thatcher, as "the grandmother of all bastards".
4520	Major Joint Surgery or ReplacementCandidates with major joint prostheses are not acceptable.
4521	Major rebuilding of king's and queen's lodgings, and a new chapel built for Henry VIII.
4522	Major social change has been made in this country through private Members’ Bills.
4523	Make 80g squash noodles per portion.
4524	Make a preparatory visit to check out parking, toilets, walk routes and study sites and also to carry out a risk assessment for all activities.
4525	Make art with the artists from our Friday Studios and meet our partners the CNWL Arts in Health team.
4526	Make a statement with a pair of long ladies’ gloves in supple leather, or choose silk evening gloves to wear with your most dazzling gown.
4527	Make gifts or give services and hospitality in jurisdictions where this is prohibited.
4528	Make it as hard as possible for the thief to remove it, any damage caused to the unit will reduce its value.
4529	Make smoking harder.
4530	Make sure you aren't covering part of your face - you may need to remove sunglasses or a hat and scarf.
4531	Make sure you cat is always registered with a vet, in case of emergencies.
4532	Make sure you follow our Twitter account for updates throughout the evening and pick up a copy of next week’s paper for full coverage.
4533	Make sure your friend is aware and consent to provide us with their personal data before you give us their email address.
4534	Make sure your owner keeps the wall to their left and scamper on for a good half mile.
4535	Make the Most of the Bank Holiday with Bottomless Brunch at Carluccio’s Put some added sparkle into your Bank Holiday.
4536	Make the trip here to see the battlefield where tanks were first used en masse in the historic battle of Cambrai.
4537	Making its return in 2015, after an absence of 25 years, the Vauxhall Viva is a stylish and competitively priced addition to the city car segment.
4538	Making the most of your Council Tax ‘holiday’
4539	Making your will, just think a short sentence in your will could end a lifesentence for them.
4540	Mallards shoot the rapids, sailing over the mill-weir like white-water rafters.
4541	MALVERN were knocked off the top of Midlands Two West (South) by county rivals Droitwich after a surprise 23-22 home defeat by struggling Silhillians.
4542	Manage contributionsManaging contributions overviewReceiving refunds from NEST What happens after I cancel a worker’s enrolment?
4543	Managed well and used responsibly, reward cards can provide you with hundreds of pounds of freebies every year.
4544	ManageEngine SQLDBManager Plus also includes support for monitoring Windows servers, which makes it even easier for DBAs to identify resource contentions, reducing finger pointing and improving the overall quality of service to end users.
4545	Management performance is measured through setting challenging KPIs against overall business objectives.
4546	Manager Kevin Nicholson, said: “It's a very good way to start Phase Two.
4547	Managers and those who train and support the maternity care team.
4548	Managers are responsible for setting standards of behaviour in the workplace, which comply with the organisation's policies and the law.
4549	Managers don’t necessarily need to be the highest revenue earners in the practice or the most senior clinicians and having the right attitude and time to listen is often more important than management knowledge.
4550	Managing director David Blythman said: “A couple of women on our team suggested it and it grew from there.
4551	Managing director Karl Tatler said: “Thurstaston Common is a much-loved landscape, holding precious memories for many local people.
4552	Manchester International Airport is only a two-hour train journey away and London is less than four hours away by train.
4553	Manchester MST was implemented in 2014 in response to growing concern from Manchester council about the number of children going into care.
4554	Mandatory and statutory training compliance for June 2016 was at 86% which although had improved from 78% in July 2015, did not meet the trust target of 90%.
4555	Mandy Proctor, chief executive of Leeway, a charity providing support to adults, young people and children who are experiencing domestic abuse in Norfolk and Waveney, welcomed the move.
4556	Man on Rip Off Britain doing a dramatic reconstruction of the moment he realised his orange juice packaging was smaller pic.
4557	Many benefits are means tested, so you will only get them if your income and/or savings are below a certain level.
4558	Many children in year 6 now come to school by bike and I expect that many will cycle to secondary school as it’s really near the new cycle superhighway."
4559	Many died, killed in action or as a result of wounds or sickness.
4560	Many householders prefer to use these sites as the businesses listed have to pass checks, and there is some recourse for the consumer if something goes wrong.
4561	Many living in Crewe and Nantwich don’t even earn a living wage.
4562	Many of Ceredigion's distinctive landscape features - from waterfall pools to rocky outcrops on beaches - are explained in legends and local folk tales.
4563	Many of NARS brushes are made from animal hair.
4564	Many of the courier companies offer premium rate 084 or 087 numbers for contact.
4565	Many of the Guildford Borough Local Plan 2003 policies are ‘saved’ policies and still used in determining planning applications.
4566	Many of the major lenders are less inclined to support non-standard mortgage lending these days – and that includes expat mortgages.
4567	Many of the postcodes in throughout the city of York are seeing download speeds of above 20Mb, and this takes into account both ADSL and fibre.
4568	Many of us may take for granted the impact that music and dancing may have in our lives – uplifting our days with our favourite songs.
4569	Many of us will still have to go further afield for our main shopping trips.
4570	Many of Weston’s top athletes – plus plenty of fun runners too – will strap on their running shoes on New Year’s Day to take part in an aptly-named event.
4571	Many people are opting to try something different to the natural, classic lawn in an effort to cut down on fertilisers and pesticides.
4572	Many people work these days as well though!
4573	Many pubs in Yorkshire have the benefit of being on the doorstep of farms that supply them with fresh, local produce.
4574	Many “studies” of Ernst play with this card!
4575	Many supporters find it most helpful to leave a ‘Residuary’ gift in their Will.
4576	Many thanks from one grateful and appreciative carer.
4577	Many thanks to everyone who took part in and supported this year's enterprise fayre.
4578	Many thanks to John Somerville for supplying the images and giving me permission to use them and to John Jarvis for allowing me to extract and use of the facts found in ‘Homes of British Speedway’
4579	Many treasures and paintings had been sold.
4580	Map showing Bader View in Doncaster.
4581	Map showing Great Western Lane in Bristol.
4582	Map showing location of car companies in Harrogate.
4583	Map showing location of environmental consultants in Hull.
4584	Map showing North Western Arcade in Birmingham.
4585	Map showing St Stephens Road in Norwich.
4586	March 10th, 2019 - Events - Atherton - Whats on - Atherton TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4587	March 11th, 2018 - Events - Plymouth - Whats on - Plymouth TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4588	Margaret helped Adele to learn how to walk to college and local activities on her own, giving Adele both independence and regular exercise.
4589	Maria Caulfield MP said “SERV is a fantastic charity delivering emergency blood to the NHS across the country.
4590	Marilize du Preez, a physiotherapist and part of the health board’s transformation team, is responsible for implementing their involvement in the campaign.
4591	Marilyn Tracey had not expected or planned to move into dementia care.
4592	Marita is the ultimate professional in her field.
4593	“Market analysts believe that the pound will drop, but if the currency falls, the economy becomes more competitive.
4594	Marketing texts will not be sent using this service.
4595	Market research is essential to any thriving product start-up but where do you begin?
4596	Mark Vesey, chairman of the Scarborough Maritime Heritage Centre, said: “We were really pleased when the Royal Marines Association got in touch to offer us this model.
4597	Mark Wilson was fined £115, given six penalty points on his driving licence, and ordered to pay £15 towards prosecution costs.
4598	Marshalls is proud to be a funding member of the Supply Chain Sustainability School while also contributing to the content and providing support for the School.
4599	Martin Carwardine is a tea and coffee company supplying a wide range of tea and coffee.
4600	Martin David Moorcroft, 30, Princess Drive, Bollington, admitted drug driving and driving without a licence.
4601	Martin’s conversion was a formality.
4602	Martin Swinley - Partner, Consultancy and ValuationThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
4603	Martin, whose first memories of the fair were formed as a 10-year-old in the early 1960s, said: “I’ve been collecting for the last 40 years and have had an interest in the fair since I was a child.
4604	Mary Robinson formally resigned as President of the Republic of Ireland.
4605	Mash an avocado and small banana (they’re mineral-rich and full of anti-oxidants) together and pop in some plastic gloves (or sandwich bags) to minimise mess.
4606	Master bedroom, king-size bed, built-in wardrobes.
4607	Master bedroom with dressing room, en suite bathroom and sizeable roof terrace overlooking garden / Two guest suites with dressing rooms and en suite bathrooms / 2 further bedrooms / family bathroom.
4608	Master Composters have given advice and encouragement to home composters and together the campaigns are estimated to have stopped nearly 13,400 tonnes of waste being sent to landfill, saving hundreds of thousands of pounds.
4609	Match highlights from Ipswich Town’s 2-0 victory away at Sunderland on Saturday.
4610	Match your strengths to the opportunities you have identified.
4611	Mathew is also a member of the scientific leadership team for the Centre for Therapeutic Target Validation (CTTV) which aims to use genome scale experiments and analysis to evaluate new therapeutic targets.
4612	Matisse - Drawing with Scissors, a Hayward Gallery Touring exhibition from London's Southbank Centre, features 35 posthumous prints of the iconic cut-outs produced by the artist in the last four years of his life.
4613	Matt Allwright, TV presenter and journalist at the Summit.
4614	Matt Walton, sales director of Fenmarc, said: “It’s been a great year for Fenmarc.
4615	‘Mature students’ in the context of access agreements normally refers to those aged 21 or over when they enter higher education.
4616	Maureen’s character develops from a woman frozen by grief into a person hopeful of the future by letting go of the past.
4617	Maximising the potential for our research to deliver academic, societal and economic impact.
4618	May 21st, 2018 - Events - Huddersfield - Whats on - Huddersfield TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
4619	Maybe that’s not the right one to move on.
4620	May include personalized suggestions and advertising cookies.
4621	May I press the Minister on one point?
4622	Maylark delivers a friendly, professional service to Landlords providing advertisng a property, find-a-tenant, rent collection and full property management services at competitive rates.
4623	McClellin, a former first-round pick out of Boise State, told ESPN he did not officially retire from the NFL but is leaning that direction due to the cumulative effect of five documented concussions.
4624	Meals is Lisbon will cost you at least 40 euros per couple - not fancy places.
4625	Meanwhile, a thousand miles away on the ‘Bournemouth Riviera’, the UKIP Annual Conference was already in full celebratory mode – and naming its new leader.
4626	Meanwhile, more than ten years after the invasion, and amid endemic official corruption, the material situation of ordinary Iraqis remains dire.
4627	Meanwhile, see what it’s like to fly with the Red Arrows through their 3D and 4D experiences.
4628	Medals Bronze for Dan Fox with England Hockey Daily Updates… Tuesday 29th July England men’s hockey, featuring Oxford University graduate …
4629	Median survival is 8 to 12 months, and most patients have symptoms at diagnosis.
4630	Media Orb managed to outgrow our office and relocated to the Aspen Business Centre (still in Bridgwater) with a lot more space for us to think of the future and expand.
4631	Media Practice and Animation students from UWE Bristol have swept the board with nominations for finalists at the South West Regional Television Student Awards.
4632	Media Society president, Peter York, said: "Lionel’s great achievement has been to bring the FT from a great legacy newspaper to being a modern global multi-platform one.
4633	Medical expenses – includes any treatments that you may have required after your accident.
4634	Meetings were taking place during March to ascertain what joint work and joining up of back office functions could take place over and above the current level of collaboration.
4635	Meets on second Tuesday of each month.
4636	Meghan's pet god Guy was seen riding in the head of state's official car on the wedding day.
4637	Melanie Shufflebotham, chief operating officer and director of Zap-Map, added: “Zap-Home and Zap-Work complement the UK’s rapidly expanding public EV charging infrastructure, confirming the country as one of the world’s leading plug-in car markets.
4638	Mel B's Beverly Hills cop 'lover' appears tense as he leaves home with 'devastated' wife of eleven months amid claims he has 'secretly been seeing ex-Spice Girl since May'
4639	Member for Aberavon said, the Secretary of State needs a map to find Europe while Scottish Ministers are battering on the door to represent UK fishing rights, for example, where they have real expertise and experience.
4640	Member for Bolsover (Mr Skinner) has overcome his natural shyness, and that new Members will now benefit from hearing him.
4641	Member for Llanelli (Nia Griffith), who is on the Opposition Front Bench.
4642	Member Kate Griffin wrote a blog about the meeting.
4643	Member of the prestigious Russell Group of UK universities.
4644	Member online and in hard copy.
4645	Members benefit from free access to our Sports Therapy Clinic, which provides free sports massage and injury treatment via the students of the Sports Therapy BSc programme.
4646	Members Handbook 2018/19The English Heritage 2018/19 Members and Visitors Handbook is an informative guide to all the English Heritage sites and activities throughout the year.
4647	Membership discounts apply.
4648	Membership of the Grampian Valuation Joint Board - GrampianSearch the SAA site’s pages.
4649	Members of the Executive team met with a face full of water recently when they volunteered themselves to be put 'In the Stocks' - all in the name of charity!
4650	Members of the Senate may attend graduation ceremonies without tickets, but only if space is available on the day.
4651	Members of the Special Collections' team are experienced in working with undergraduate and postgraduate students to help them to develop their ideas for research projects based on our collections.
4652	Members were asked for their feedback from the report and on the future plans to undertake a public consultation.
4653	Members will feed into that consultation and encourage their constituents to do so.
4654	Men often start younger.
4655	Mental Health Act managers) An independent team of people in a hospital who make sure that the requirements of the Mental Health Act are properly applied.
4656	Mental health is defined as a state of well-being in which every individual realizes his or her own potential, can cope with the normal stresses of life, can work productively and fruitfully, and is able to make a contribution to her or his community.
4657	Mental health issues can be complicated, and how they affect someone can change over time.
4658	Mental Health Resource Centre is in St Marys Road, 12 St Marys Road.
4659	“Mental ill health doesn’t discriminate.
4660	Mental illness is much misunderstood and I am always happy to spread the word about sources of support.
4661	Menus are priced per head and invoices can be paid by cash, cheque and card.
4662	Mercure Hotel Inverness is just 10 miles from Inverness Airport and 200 metres from Inverness train station.
4663	Meredith Tax, The Village Voice More than anything else I've read or seen, Levi's books helped me not only to grasp the reality of genocide but to figure out what it means for people like me who grew up sheltered from the storm.
4664	Merthyr was at this time the largest town in Wales and the 'Rising' concerned and involved all the workers of the Upper South Wales Valleys.
4665	Messages could now be sent in a matter of minutes, dramatically changing the history of transatlantic communication.
4666	Messages picked up next working day.
4667	Metabolism is affect without feeling or emotion—affect as the transformative power of “passion” that, as Brian Massumi reminds us, Spinoza identifies as that unknown power of embodiment that is neither wholly active nor wholly passive.
4668	Meteor MultiplicationShoot the meteors that have the answers to the multiplication questions.
4669	METHODS: We analysed data from three AstraZeneca randomised controlled trials of budesonide-formoterol in patients with COPD with a history of exacerbations and available blood eosinophil counts.
4670	Metro Bank continued to support the local communities near its stores throughout 2014, with more than 1,400 community and business events occurring during the year.
4671	Metro Bank will provide business planning and banking support for the competition finalists as part of its role as banking partner for the initiative.
4672	MHOs are social workers who have undertaken additional specialist training in mental health and legislation in Scotland.
4673	Michelin starred chefs come to StaffordshireSix Michelin starred chefs are coming to Staffordshire for one night of delicious food.
4674	Microfibre is a technical material suited to both cleaning and polishing due to its soft texture and exceptional absorbency.
4675	MicroRNAs (miRNAs) comprise 1 to 3% of all vertebrate genes, but their in vivo functions and mechanisms of action remain largely unknown.
4676	Microsoft Store are offering a fantastic £11.89 off Office 365 with personal subscriptions.
4677	Midas Construction is reporting a very successful period in winning new projects.
4678	Mid-lenght dress in soft organic cotton.
4679	Midway between Italy and North Africa, the island of Sardinia shelters beautiful.
4680	Miele detergent for a year- just for you!1 years' supply of UltraPhase 1 and UltraPhase 2 detergent with the purchase of a new Miele W1 TwinDos washing machine.
4681	Migration can bring significant benefits.
4682	Mike Barnes: "These are very established titles in the European and North American market."
4683	Mike Oakden will skipper the seconds, Paul Wood remains captain of the thirds, while Nathan Horton will lead the colts ahead of a July pre-season start.
4684	Miles 33 has announced that Alpha Newspapers Group, the weekly newspaper publisher based in Northern Ireland, has signed an order for the delivery of a new generation publishing system.
4685	Milk, cheese, yoghurt and fromage frais are good sources of protein and some vitamins, and they're also an important source of calcium, which helps to keep our bones strong.
4686	Milkmaid braids needn't be perfect - a halo of loose strands creates a gorgeous, relaxed wedding look.
4687	​Mindfulness Mondays (book a place) ​​Mindfulness sessions to imprive your happiness and depression.
4688	Minister of Industry, Trade and Tourism, Oldemiro Baloi, on 18 March introduced into the Assembly of the Republic a government bill on trade, which seeks to simplify procedures and eliminate unnecessary red tape.
4689	Miss Flossie’s asked us if we could design a website for her brand new complete pet care business which would be a bit different and stand out from others in the field.
4690	Miss Jenny Lo graduated from the University of Cardiff and was trained in Obstetrics and Gynaecology in hospitals in Greater Manchester.
4691	Mla citation website typical visitors attractions are made up of sought after for many products and solutions and cheap bills of surgical procedure as opposed to mother or father endeavor destinations.
4692	Mobile phones and laptops are mobile devices.
4693	Mobile technology on Nottingham hospital wards boosts staff time with patients - The University of Nottingham Browser does not support script.
4694	Moccasin stitching offers a crafted look, while the EVA outsole provides a flexible feel.
4695	Models are traditionally 5’ 8” or taller.
4696	Modern Floor Lamp Tripod Pale Wood with Leaf Shade.
4697	Modern Studies, History, Classical Studies, Geography and RMPS.
4698	Moir adds: “It’s still early days, but so far we’ve been particularly impressed by the programme’s geolocation capabilities, which remain active even when the trailer is disconnected.
4699	Monday 23 October, 2017Ordered a second box of these choose your own.
4700	Money Advice Service offers clear, unbiased, money advice and can be accessed by the telephone or online.
4701	« Money saving tips for Christmas!
4702	Monpazier is one of the best examples of a bastide.
4703	Moore Stephens has experience in providing compliance and advisory services to all legal forms of partnerships, including: general partnerships, limited partnerships and limited liability partnerships.
4704	More importantly, if you are classified as impaired risk, you will want to know what impact this has on you securing life cover.
4705	More information about the consultation can be found at: www.kent.gov.uk/streetlights where the online consultation questionnaire can be completed.
4706	More information on Home/Personl Security can be found on the Cheshire Police Website.
4707	More information on how to apply, and what the programme entails, can be found below.
4708	More money is wagered thru the melbourne cup betting tips 2018 Las Vegas and Offshore Sportsbooks on these plays than all other plays sold online combined.
4709	Moreover, there is no law protecting religious freedom and Christians are considered ‘ – second class citizens who experience discrimination across the board.
4710	More recent additions include an indoor swimming pool, three extra bedrooms and a modern kitchen.
4711	More recently still, in the summer of 2011, Matthias Stork gave a well-nigh definitive account of these changes in action editing in his two-part video essay “,” which led to a storm of commentary on the Internet.
4712	More results from art-science collaboration project.
4713	More serious harm is likely to have been done to your bank balance, particularly if you have been putting everything on credit cards.
4714	More serious side effects include developing a thyroid problem (up to four in 10 people get this).
4715	More "Soccer match bet predictions"
4716	More subtly ingenious is this limb, handed in by a survivor of a Japanese prisoner of war camp.
4717	More than 1,000 of them are expected to run in a race around Forres, starting at 10am on Tuesday morning.
4718	More than 100 businesses back an open letter calling for a pause in the process to deliver the £300m Northgate Development to allow a major rethink.
4719	More than 4 in 10 (43%) expect to win more contracts over the next 12 months but more than half (57%) don't think their daily rate of pay will increase.
4720	More than half (54%) of all consumers think that tradesmen are trustworthy – this drops to 52% of 18-24 year-olds but rises to 59% of people aged 65 and over.
4721	More than nine out of ten of these cases were settled informally by our adjudicators - without the need for formal ombudsman decisions.
4722	More votes that way strikes me as lacking integrity, just say nothing and hope the electorate do not notice.
4723	Morgan LCJ also makes the important point that Article 3 could apply to pregnancies in Northern Ireland.
4724	Morning departure from the local area we travel to Blackpool.
4725	Mosel Walk in Peterborough PE2 consists predominantly of semi-detached houses.
4726	Most counties have part volumes of the VCH describing the medieval religious houses and these are supplemented by the assorted monastic and cathedral records found under the heading.
4727	Most courses will also require a purchase of a course book.
4728	Most customers are likely to stick with front-wheel drive, but four-wheel drive is available if you need extra grip – perhaps because you live in a rural area – and engines start with the 1.0-litre Boosterjet producing 110bhp.
4729	Most estate agents in Sandhurst are located near Sandhurst train station, but a much larger number are in Crowthorne and Blackwater.
4730	Most importantly – don't feel that you have to use all of them!
4731	Most importantly, they are local people.
4732	Most investments will rise and fall in value over time, with the most volatile types showing larger and more pronounced swings than lower risk types.
4733	Most of all, we LOVE making cakes and take lots of care with every project to make it original and different from what we''ve done before.
4734	Most offer an online payment system called ParentPay.
4735	Most of my contemporaries had been to state schools and were often the only one from that school to have found their way to Oxford.
4736	Most of the A6’s cabin can be customised, although the standard feature-list on deck is generous (stop-start, cruise control, climate control, satellite navigation and Bose audio amongst others).
4737	Most of the businesses in the dock have been highly innovative and have run up huge development losses over the years, all of which can be written off against tax.
4738	Most of the pictures of that massacre were taken by me in the midst of the panicking, screaming, dying crowd of innocent and defenceless marchers for civil rights.
4739	Most of the rocks in the North York Moors were formed between 200 and 145 million years ago – the Jurassic Period.
4740	Most of the time, a VAT officer will work with the information they have about the business but in certain cases they will still require inputs from the business.
4741	Most of us only know two things about George.
4742	Most people do anyway, have you seen the turnout figures?
4743	“Most people pay their taxes on time, but a minority do not and some refuse to engage with us at all.
4744	Most people underestimate the cost of replacing their contents.
4745	Most providers are lowering their fixed rate offerings at the moment, so it is good to see a provider doing the opposite.
4746	Most puncture repair kits are designed as a temporary solution and that should hold at least until you can bring your car to a garage to have it inspected, but by no means will it last as long as a professionally repaired tyre.
4747	Most recently he was area construction manager for Kier Residential.
4748	Most requests under freedom of information or the environmental information regulations are met at no cost to the requester.
4749	Most schemes also allow the member to make up any gaps in contributions when they return to work after maternity leave.
4750	Most secondary schools in South Tyneside operate cashless biometric fingerprint recognition payment systems for school lunches.
4751	Most software, including Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office, can do this automatically.
4752	Most tastings will give you the opportunity not only to taste something a little out of the ordinary, but also to note one or two affordable wines for day-to-day drinking.
4753	Motoring editor Andy Russell says you’re no longer in the dark about what the car in front is.
4754	Motorists in Wyre Forest will soon be able to use their phones to pay for parking in council-owned car parks.
4755	“Motorists just need to give themselves a little extra time to look out for motorcycles, while riders need to make sure they ride safely and not take unnecessary risks.
4756	“Motorsport is a passion of mine so it was probably me living my life through my child a little bit,” said Jason.
4757	Mouille’s designs became so popular that Hollywood legend Henry Fonda turned up at his workshop and refused to leave until Mouille created a bespoke lamp for him – so you’re in good company if you choose one of these iconic fittings!
4758	Mount Richmond Sauvignon Blanc 2017 - The Sunday Times Wine Club(Unlimited customer?
4759	Movement / Deformation Monitoring Surveys are supplied by the company, as well as Archaeological Surveys, Golf Course Surveys, Gross / Net Area Calculations, Right to Light Surveys and Rectified Photography.
4760	Move to Dubai they said, it’ll be fun they said - and to be fair for the most part they were right.
4761	Moving onto something sweet, we’d definitely recommend Goupie – another Kentish producer making triangles of extremely moreish chocolates in a variety of exciting flavours (including a Boozy Christmas special, which we always look forward to!).
4762	MPP Global technology also provides registration and subscription billing functionality to the tablet edition of the Daily Mail and the You Beauty Discovery beauty box.
4763	MPs also agreed that special note should be taken when looking at phone or email records of people in sensitive occupations such as journalists, doctors and lawyers.
4764	M & P Supplies is an agricultural merchant offering a range of agricultural supplies.
4765	Mr Alister Jack accordingly presented the Bill.
4766	Mr and Mrs Smith are married with 2 young children.
4767	Mr Bell stayed at the Golden Lion that night and was reported to be snoring loudly during the night.
4768	Mr Brown from Norfolk wrote our latest 'Review of the Week' on TrustPilot following his window, door and rooftrim installation.
4769	Mr B-T took on the challenge of a new display hanging in the stairwell of the boarding house – snowflakes, of course!
4770	Mr. Campbell brings his "distinctive personal service" approach to the forefront of the company's philosophy.
4771	Mr Davis said he thought that the election was “locked in” to the scheduled date, and that the public would want that to remain the case.
4772	Mr Grant wished to emphasise that the public would not, in the event the application was granted, be able to enter the premises and use the first floor.
4773	Mr Grayling launched the new company, which will oversee the restoration of the link between the two cities, nearly 50 years to the day since the closure of the old Varsity Line at the historic Second World War site of Bletchley Park.
4774	Mr Jones, we are told that the last thematic inspection of road policing was in 1998.
4775	Mr O'Kane, who works in Sainsbury's in Locksbottom, told News Shopper: "I can't remember that much after that but I know I was thinking I had to do something.
4776	Mr O’Maoileoin brought the Sub-Committee’s attention to the narrow conditions proposed by the Applicant.
4777	Mr Pipe retired in August 2017.
4778	Mrs Owens said her husband had behaved unreasonably and argued that the marriage had broken down.
4779	Mrs Wall said the Royal Gwent Hospital did have a cancer ward, but not a women-only one like Nevill Hall.
4780	Mr Tucker said they did not believe they were doing anything wrong when they bought and converted two parcels of land adjacent to their property into the garden.
4781	Mr Wald suggested the wording of the planning document was broad enough to include people such a pregnant mother and a person of ethnic minority needing to retain social support.
4782	MR Wm. Grant, Torboll, applied for exemption for Christopher Macdonald (18), farm labourer.
4783	MSF provides care for emergency and everyday health problems in hospitals and mobile clinics, delivers clean water and helps to repair sewerage systems and health centres in some of the worst affected areas.
4784	Ms Humphries, who did not attend the hearing and pleaded guilty by post, was fined £1,500 and ordered to pay costs of £2,668.80 as well as a victim surcharge of £150.
4785	Ms Rochet ended up getting a job as director of strategy and development at IT services company Capgemini in 2003.
4786	Ms X also complains about the Council's involvement between her and her step daughter.
4787	Much of Suffolk's dramatic coastline is quite remote, and inhabited only by rare species of seabirds, so huge swathes of the Suffolk Heritage Coast are designated nature reserves.
4788	Much of the media has come to Brown’s aid, painting the conflict as the “good war” in contrast with the “bad war” in Iraq.
4789	Much of the praise, of course, relates to the vivid accounts taken from Untold Stories, but basically his argument has nothing to do with the charge that the material was used illegally.
4790	Much of what is commonly thought to be new about globalisation refers to this process of creating international networks of production by means of foreign direct investment (FDI).
4791	Multiple call offs – Design/supply for several different library projects, in separate locations, with separate specifications or orders placed with a number of different suppliers.
4792	Mum has now become as keen as Mum and wants to take more tablets than necessary!
4793	Murder Charge Over Rochdale Death A man has been charged with the murder of a man in Rochdale.
4794	Muriel Scott, Director of Public Health at MK Council added: “To learn more about how young people and children understand mental health and wellbeing, we needed to ask the experts –the young people themselves.
4795	Music can be performed either individually or in a band and can be any type of music.
4796	MVR Enterprise gives you the power to record your workforce’s mobile phone calls with customers and store them securely and easily.
4797	My bakery shop is VAT registered, but I don't add VAT to the bread and cakes I sell.
4798	My constituents tell me that they do not even want a seat on a train; all they want is to be able to stand up and not get pressure bruises, have their feet stood on or have to stand crammed with three other people in a stinking toilet space.
4799	My day-to-day includes managing the teams, strategic planning, head count, budget, process improvement, health and safety, as well as planning for quality assurance and meeting with the senior management team.
4800	My ex said today he will give me £150 a week to look after our son, but he doesn't want me to have anything.
4801	My family of 4;2 adults,2 kids travelled with Globespan from Glasgow to Florida towards the end of August.
4802	My favourite pair on test, no question."
4803	My friends tell me to slow down have a break/ holiday but I worry if I have too much time to myself would I be able to stay focused and ignore the urges?
4804	My home address is changing, do I need to tell you?
4805	My home has had disabled adaptations.
4806	My Interrail takes your security very seriously and we make every effort to ensure your payment on our site is processed with utmost security and your personal details are kept equally safe.
4807	• Mykonos – in particular the north of the island – can be very windy in the spring and summer months, resulting in slightly cooler temperatures.
4808	My liege, it is young Henry, earl of Richmond.
4809	My Lords, I declare that some years ago I was the vice-chairman of the Air League.
4810	My Lords, the noble Lord, Lord Davies of Oldham, is being rather modest about these amendments.
4811	My Lords, we recognise the validity of the concerns of the EHRC, but we should know by the summer whether the Government were correct in their assessment or whether those concerns were legitimate.
4812	My mother noticed the marks on my body and took me to the GP who put me on antidepressants, but I never took them.
4813	My next stop was Manchester on Tuesday 8 March where I delivered three sessions, which generated 27 Dementia Friends.
4814	My only real attempt at this led me to my mentor and great friend Judith Lockwood….
4815	My other arf sold an astonishing 40 quid's worth of lavender bags in a day last week.
4816	My physiotherapist gave me electrical muscle stimulation at hospital as well as a unit to carry out this treatment myself at home together with pelvic floor exercises.
4817	My plans to start a biotech company are still firmly on the radar, so watch this space.
4818	“My priority for the next year will be to work hard to bring councils and councillors from across Worcestershire together.
4819	MyTrainTicket can help you find cheap train tickets to Orpington from any other train station.
4820	My voucher code is not redeemable, what might be the problem?
4821	Nairn Book and Arts Festival is 11 - 16 September 2018.
4822	Named after the estate of Croxton Park in Cambridgeshire, this traditional ceramic tile embraces the popularity of bringing botanical and animal influences into home décor.
4823	Naomi House & Jacksplace hospices provide expert care to life-limited and life-threatened children, young people and their extended families.
4824	National Insurance is an additional cost affecting all individuals and employers.
4825	National Police Lead for Economic Crime, Commander Stephen Head will be holding a Twitter question and answer session on fraud on Tuesday May 20, 2014 at 11am -12pm.
4826	Nationwide Building Society has decided to stop lending to new and existing commercial real estate customers after concluding that its resources could be better deployed elsewhere.
4827	Natural Death Centre also supports the less formal approach to funerals.
4828	Natural fiber composites are finding increased applications in industries such as sporting goods and electrical & electronics.
4829	Naturally, the French boast several designers who absolute nail that effortlessly chic thing we all envy them for.
4830	NBP need to do more to set clear timings for each wedding- I believe meetings with people looking around need to finish at 10.30am, and guests and wedding parties shouldn't be allowed to arrive before then.
4831	NB* The EPR 2007 revoked parts VII and Schedule 5 of the ELV 2003 in so far as they related to permitting standards and depollution process.
4832	NCFE has quality assured the OneFile system and agreed that it meets the criteria expected for NCFE qualifications.
4833	NCS (National Citizen Service) aims to help young people – aged 16 and 17 – to boost their CV while having a fantastic time and making new friends.
4834	NDS has been the exclusive supplier of conditional access systems to SkyLife since the broadcaster launched in 2002.
4835	Nearby shopping bars the pier restaurants casino comedy and night clubs and of course Brighton''s picture perfect sea beckons you to spend a few nights away and experience a totally different side of England.
4836	Nearly 100 of Premier’s 230 staff work at the HQ, with others based at 17 East of England branches visiting for training workshops or events.
4837	Nearly all the variant surface-exposed amino acid residues lie on one face of the protein, in two proximal but distinct sub-clusters.
4838	Nearly all working families on low incomes, both single parents and couples, will be affected by the government’s tax and benefit changes.
4839	Nearly half the population are under the age of 14, making the region free from the demographic burden of an ageing workforce prevalent in other parts of the world.
4840	Nearly nine in 10 women (88%) experience at least one long-term consequence of treatment, but many do not speak to their GP and get the support they need.
4841	Needless to say, the Cat is out of the bag.
4842	Need something bigger?
4843	Negotiators from developing countries work against the odds on a daily basis, whether they are negotiating with an industrialized country, or a larger developing country.
4844	Neither review tested whether this suggested mechanism had an effect upon the outcomes, or looked at whether the type or severity of the mental health condition makes any difference to the outcome.
4845	Neither we nor our tracking and analytics providers will use information encoded in checker URLs to identify you unless you've separately contacted us and asked us to investigate a problem with the results you've received.
4846	Neo Pantile New Generation – an open gauge interlocking pantile that has been designed to make a clay pantile roof easier and quicker to install.
4847	Nestled amongst the beautiful rolling fields of an organic farm, The Riverford Field Kitchen Garden is a real delight.
4848	Nestling on the banks of the River Great Ouse and with fantastic views of the historic working mill, our campsite offers a great place to park your caravan, motorhome, pitch your tent, or enjoy a stay in our brand new camping pods.
4849	Net company growth for Bolton during the first quarter of 2010 (Jan 2010 - Mar 2010) was 125 companies.
4850	Network over a polo match and secure a business deal in the boardrooms.
4851	Network Rail is a public sector body.
4852	Never be afraid to ask for advice - whether that’s from your friends, family or former colleagues.
4853	Never had one smile at me and direct me with an "over there sir".
4854	Never received it.
4855	Nevertheless, he amazed all with his enthusiastic, positive attitude to his predicament, drawing on his devout faith in Christianity and his determination not to let his final years go to waste.
4856	Nevertheless they still have four games left to play and one feels certain that they won’t be taking their feet off the gas in the slightest.
4857	Nevertheless, we now expect the dips to be faded with shallow, rather than deep, corrections.
4858	New activities such as training, timber production, food growing and energy generation can be undertaken on the site, adding to its value.
4859	Newcastle captain Jamaal Lascelles believes their youth will drive them to new heights: 'We're so young we can beat anyone'
4860	Newcastle University is in partnership with FutureLearn to deliver free online courses on its social learning platform.
4861	New Choices for Youth, based in Claughton Road, Plaistow, won the award for ‘Best Contribution by a Community Group’ at charity Kids Count’s Inspiration Awards.
4862	New duties include the management of surface water flooding, something that previously no organisation had specific responsibility for and was highlighted by Sir Michael Pitt in his report as a key issue.
4863	New nappies should be washed a couple of times before use as this improves absorbency.
4864	Newnham College Library is one of the best-stocked and most beautiful college libraries in Cambridge, as when the College was founded women were not allowed to use the main University Library.
4865	New Progress Housing Association had previously taken out an anti-social behaviour injunction against Miss Stableford and her partner Anthony Webb after receiving complaints from residents and calls to the local police.
4866	New research has revealed how appreciated employees feel, and how their work-life balance is.
4867	News, events & mediaCan measuring passenger experience boost bus passenger journeys?
4868	Newspaper Recycled Pen Ready to ship in : 7 business days.
4869	New Swimming Pool - Worcester City CouncilWhat do you think of our website?
4870	New tax agreements signed Get the most burning tax topics delivered to your email.
4871	New types of schools for 14 to 19 year olds which offer practical learning combined with academic study.
4872	NEW Very well presented penthouse studio apartment with parking and sea views in the sought after location of West Bay.
4873	NextGear Capital, Cox Automotive's wholesale stock funding business, saw the average cost per unit decline slightly to £7,002 in February (£7,241 in January) and the number of dealers using NextGear Capital increased from 1,387 to 1,427 in the month.
4874	Next up, carne, and we can’t resist the giant meatball (£7).
4875	NHS England said it would continue to work with North Somerset’s doctors’ practices in light of Healthwatch’s recent findings.
4876	NHS England will have no choice but to continue its desperate scrabble for cash through measures such as restrictions on ‘low value’ and over-the-counter medicines.
4877	NHS Scotland Recruitment Sites are only a venue.
4878	Nice neighbours easy access to motoway.
4879	Nicholas Coleridge, chairman at the V&A, praises his time running the museum as a “highly successful period of creativity, expansion and reorganisation”, saying he contributed greatly to the museum’s success.
4880	Nick Burt from Birketts said: “I am delighted that we have been able to advise Ipswich Wharf Developments Ltd on this innovative financing structure and to help unlock this major redevelopment project for Ipswich.”
4881	Nick Herbert, the Minister for Policing and Criminal Justice, has gone on record as saying that the public does not care who delivers support services in police and probation and that these services can be provided just as well by the private sector.
4882	Nine of us enjoyed your sandwiches and drinks, three having to leave for various reasons.
4883	Nippon Paper Industries tumbled 8.3 percent after it said on Monday it saw a net loss of 18 billion yen ($165.11 million) in the current financial year, due to impairment loss as paper demand continued to decline on digitalisation.
4884	NISSAN cars currently in stockAt Lambert Car Sales we aim to bring you the widest choice of used cars in HULL, YORKSHIRE and at great prices.
4885	Nissan Leaf E (30kWh) Tekna £19,990 FJ Chalke - reviewed on JudgeService.
4886	Nix captain Orlan Jackman will miss the bulk of the club's Championship run-in after a coll-up to the England Commonwealth Games squad.
4887	No child will be dismissed early without contact being made with you/emergency contact and arrangements made.
4888	No commercial kitchen can run without a good kitchen porter.
4889	No Freshman ever entered upon his Oxford life with more delight, with more sense of relief.
4890	No goods will be dispatched until the order has been paid for in full.
4891	No HSPDA service Framfield Rd Hanwell.
4892	No issues were raised on this occasion.
4893	No matter what you love to do, there’s something to keep everyone entertained!
4894	No mention of speeds is there?
4895	Nominator and friend Jane Currie, who is a carer for Bracknell Forest Voluntary Action (BFVA) said: "His compassion and humour shine through.
4896	Nomisma online accounting software brings you a secure platform to carry out accounting.
4897	No more driving home from work in the dark or feeling that you are ready for bed and realising it's barely dinner time.
4898	None aside from any listed in the Appian Cloud subscription agreement and outside of the web browser and mobile device requirements specified in the “Service Definition Document.”
4899	Non-victims will include victims of other crime types.
4900	No one can see it, or will know you are wearing a hearing aid.
4901	No-one knows which bits belong to who anymore.
4902	No one likes to pay more tax than they have to but one of the challenges of wealth is the high taxation it attracts.
4903	No one wishes to pollute the process but the Bill before the House is about one specific disease, and that is why this amendment is before your Lordships.
4904	No personal information about you is revealed in this process.
4905	No. Previous exemptions have been incorporated into the Regulations by the Gas Safety (Installation and Use) (Amendment) Regulations 2018 and will be withdrawn after the regulations come into force on 6 April 2018.
4906	Nor, as Lelio neglects to explore the potential rewards of living in an intensely religious community, do we understand why Ronit has suffered by leaving one, or why Esti is willing to deny her sexuality in order to remain in one.
4907	Norcros One Part Flexible Adhesive White 20kgJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
4908	No Reformation, no modern individualism.
4909	No return engine exchange fee is £180.00 Contact me now for more information via the eBay messaging system.
4910	“Normally, they like to pair an older man with a much younger woman.
4911	Norovirus can survive for days or weeks on hard surfaces.
4912	Norovirus hits a third of beds at Epsom HospitalMEDICAL chiefs are urging people suffering from the winter vomiting bug to stay away from Epsom Hospital after an outbreak of the norovirus hit 29 patients and almost a third of beds.
4913	Nor shall not, while I have a stump.
4914	​Northamptonshire County Council, as surveying authority, is required to keep a register under section 53B of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 as amended.
4915	Northern Devon Healthcare NHS Trust chief executive Alison Diamond will be attending the meeting at Barnstaple Guildhall on March 28.
4916	Northern February red (Brachyptera putata): a stonefly that occurs only in Britain.
4917	Nor will testy conference calls help the company’s case if – or when – it needs to access equity or debt markets for fresh funding, something which seems quite possible given the company’s current cash flow profile.
4918	No significant inaccuracies were identified by the complaint.
4919	No situation is too far-fetched!
4920	No stranger to building successful online stores, Tucker spent a month putting together a t-shirt business catered to dog-owners and documented the entire process.
4921	Not applicable if you are getting ready at the venue.
4922	Not attached to the cage so can be lifted out if not wanted.
4923	Not because of the next accolade, but because they are obsessed with what they do and how they do it.
4924	Note: Additional custom roles may be added by the system administrator.
4925	Note: Large parties may be split.
4926	Note of receipt of £200 and further promise to make further conveyances or assignments, 23 Aug 1759.
4927	Note that some lines result in the publication of two or three DNS records, for example, and “A” record and a corresponding “PTR” record.
4928	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of 213 Strathmore Avenue.
4929	Note: the pin is positioned at the postcode centre, and may not correspond with the precise location of Somers Road Ind Park, 6 Somers Road.
4930	Note: This course isn't relevant to students.
4931	Note: this is a tribute act. The past fifteen years has seen the Red Hot Chilli Pipers become the most famous bagp.
4932	Note: Town Councillor Mrs S Helliwell (on behalf of Mr D Mainwaring, (on behalf of the applicant) attended the meeting and addressed the Committee on this matter.
4933	Not everyone will have these so in the image above you see that I have created something to steady the device using things around the office: blue tack and a cereal bowl!
4934	No text, watermarks or logos - Text, watermarks, or logos are prohibited unless they appear on the product itself.
4935	Nothing needs to change until 2018 – for the time being you will carry on receiving services from your current home care provider.
4936	Nothing shows the terrifying irrationality of that endless cycle more than the attempts by racist forces in Europe – amplified by the corporate media – to blame the newly arriving refugees for the Paris atrocities.
4937	Nothing to do with Libya, Syria or T.W.A.T., I'm sure.
4938	Nothing to stop me going back of course, but a little odd and uncomfortable.
4939	Notice if any member of staff has had too much to drink and discreetly advise both that person and bar staff serving them that it is time they switched to fruit juice or lemonade.
4940	Notifying the Information Commissioner's Office as a Data Controller.
4941	Not just that, the walking group ambled beside a swollen river Thames to a canal barge for lunch and the social studies group were treated to a talk by Mr Alan Copeland, entitled ‘In town tonight’.
4942	Not only did I make lots of friends, it taught me useful skills I’ll have forever.
4943	Not only do bird boxes and the bird box camera provide entertainment for young children and adults alike, the whole process is invaluable to a child’s education.
4944	Not only does it look glitzy, but it could be especially helpful to you on your quest for those wins.
4945	Not only does this exciting initiative support CMI’s highly successful HE strategy, it also gives leaders like yourself the opportunity to make a lasting impact and become part of the success story.
4946	Not only does Yorkshire boast some of the UK’s most spectacular scenery, but also a fascinating history smattered with Viking invasions, Norman Conquests and a fierce civil war.
4947	Not only will their customers benefit, they too will enjoy higher property valuations – estimated at around three per cent higher – and rental yields.”
4948	Not only will these changes remove entirely any public scrutiny of non-fracking drilling but they also demonstrate a wholesale abandonment of the Royal Society’s recommendations that only qualified and limited experimental fracking should be allowed.
4949	Not surprisingly, legends have grown concerning druids and magic golden cups at this potentially mystic site.
4950	Not that the 'now' ever gets any easier.
4951	Notts coaches will be running one of their popular indoor football sessions on the 4g pitch, while free glitter tattoos and much more are also on offer.
4952	Not without massive damage anyway.
4953	Nowadays, it is usually reserved for after-hours, but some agencies still encourage it.
4954	Nowadays, the large outdoor panels you find on streets, roads and the walls of buildings are a superb way of getting your message across.
4955	Now caught up with her to talk about fitness and diet… VICKY’S STATS HEIGHT: 5ft 6in WEIGHT: ‘I don’t talk about…
4956	Now I am aware of the tension this brings to us as Seventh-day Adventists, but actually I do not believe there is a tension.
4957	Now in its third year, the event, hosted by the international accountancy and advisory firm, helps businesses get fit for the future.
4958	No Win No Fee basically means that you only need to pay legal fees if your case is successful.
4959	Now in their 15th year the awards highlight best practice from installers who are making strides to conserve the environment by embracing high efficiency heating solutions and renewable technologies throughout their installations.
4960	Now one of London’s most famous visitor attractions, Madam Tussaud’s waxwork collection began as a touring display throughout Britain.
4961	Now one of Scotland’s busiest tourist attractions, 500,000 visitors each year.
4962	Now that we’ve discovered the picturesque Åkrasanden Beach, we’re more convinced than ever before that Norway is a country that has it all.
4963	Now there’s a nugget of information we hope you’ll never need.
4964	Now the researchers have specifically studied the portrayal of alcohol content in popular YouTube music videos, analysing song lyrics and visual imagery in 49 UK Top 40 videos previously found to contain alcohol content.
4965	Now, where was I? Oh yes, knitting.
4966	Now, with recent technology and research under its belt, a hearing device can help you manage your hearing loss.
4967	NRS Healthcare sells portable wheelchair ramps to help people when they are out of the house.
4968	NRW says it wants to work with farmers and is making it as easy as it can to register.
4969	NSPCC After Sexual Abuse Project (ASAP) - a therapy service to help children and young people who have experienced sexual abuse.
4970	Numbers at training have been fantastic and that creates a real buzz within the group.
4971	Nuneaton leads the way with exciting new sport!
4972	Nursery deputy manager Marika Eccles said: “It was quite upsetting to know someone had done what they did in the garden.
4973	NVS Changing Places is a non-profit organisation which works for charitable purposes.
4974	NWG contains Northumbrian Water, which serves 2.7 million people in the north with water and sewerage services, and Essex & Suffolk Water, which provides 1.8 million people in the south with water services.
4975	OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate recombinant Bet v I, the major birch pollen allergen for in vivo and in vitro diagnosis of birch pollen allergy.
4976	Obviously there are also living and accommodation costs to take into account.
4977	Occasionally regional or localised nerve blocks will be done.
4978	Occasionally we might have to drill the lock but naturally we will alter the lock to ensure that your property is safe.
4979	Occupied by a member/s of a Visiting Armed Force, where the member/s are not the liable persons for the council tax charge.
4980	Occurring with a regular or predictable time relationship.
4981	Odds are that something from our steakhouse sounds good — filet mignon, New York Strip, lobster or surf & turf — and you know what?
4982	Of 12,000 airborne soldiers who went into battle, 1,500 were killed and 6,500, many of them badly wounded, were taken prisoner.
4983	Of course convicted sexual predator Brock Turner’s Dad was on the list for dismissing rape as ‘20 minutes of action’
4984	Of course, if you have on-screen mapping, you can see the planned route and your current location as a big arrow on top, which makes following the route pretty easy.
4985	Of course, it doesn't snow every day in Grosmont in the winter.
4986	Of course, markets have an impact on incomes as well as outgoings.
4987	Of course, public transportation is vital in London, and Hornsey is served by a railway station of the same name.
4988	Of course, the problem is often that faster services have fewer stops.
4989	Of course, these are just five of the highlights.
4990	“Of course we don’t have a problem with people parking up and looking at each other’s cars as it’s not a residential area.
4991	Offender(s) have cut a hole in the skin of the van door in order to gain access.
4992	Offering a central service for design, illustration and photography and video production and a poster printing service.
4993	Offering friendly, boutique-style hospitality and design, it has four pool villas — each with a private plunge pool — and 62 Junior Suites.
4994	Offering over 1000 square feet of living accommodation is this stunning ground floor two double bedroom apartment.
4995	Officers are investigating whether or not his death is suspicious, a GMP spokesman said.
4996	Officials from across Government will continue to work closely with Clarion Events to ensure that exhibitors comply with export and trade controls and understand their obligations.
4997	Off road parking for 1 car, additional parking in site car park by cottage.
4998	Offshore, it is also possible to enjoy lower tax rates on income brought into the UK or even have interest roll up without any personal tax deduction.
4999	Of his successor as Transport Secretary, the right hon.
5000	Often spoke about this being a nice place with the night life in Newmarket.
5001	Often the accompaniment is quite minimal, a hint of wild briar around the elegant English rose of Emily’s gentle voice.
5002	Often, the selection bias in evaluation I see occurs where the client group researched does not match the standard population.
5003	Of these, nine businesses were recognised as having great potential to grow and export their goods or services.
5004	Of those saying ‘I do’, six of the ceremonies will be conducted by Argyll and Bute Council’s team of dedicated and professional registrars.
5005	Of those who had received one, 43 per cent had to request it themselves, while 27 per cent had to wait more than six months before having theirs.
5006	Oh that other guide books were as up to date.
5007	Oil on canvas, unidentified British school artist.
5008	Old Colfeians were penalised in front of the posts for not rolling away and the penalty made it 7-6.
5009	"Older homes built prior to 1990 are not nearly as energy efficient as newer models," says Linda Pavletich, owner of Premier Lighting, in Bakersfield, Calif.
5010	Older people who may be frail, or who have existing health conditions, are particularly at risk as are younger children.
5011	Olympic Motor Company is a used car dealership located in Rainham, Kent.
5012	O'Mally had great type, personality and substance.
5013	On 1 March 1917 the Great Central Railway (GCR), who had by then taken over the WM&CQR, withdrew their passenger service to Brymbo thereby removing competition.
5014	On 27 February 2018, we started the first period of consultation for a pattern of wards for Basingstoke and Deane Borough Council.
5015	On 2 May the Ministry of Industry and Trade delivered equipment to two food processing factories in Beira.
5016	On 9 September the Petrograd Soviet went over to Bolshevism and Trotsky was elected as its president.
5017	'On a June Night' is just one of the many jazz tunes we know which we may play at our monthly concert on June 3rd at New Mill Club nr.
5018	On Android devices, if you select 'add to home screen' for a website that has been optimised for fast, reliable performance on mobile devices, then Chrome will use a Google server to create a native Android package for that web site on your device.
5019	On arrival at the cottage we were taken back by the prettiness and character.
5020	On August 18th, InteBridge and Sinolink Securities, a leading investment banking in China, jointly held the first online global high-tech project roadshow.
5021	On behalf of everyone at the Council, I would like to congratulate Team Woking on their superb performances.
5022	Once an account is opened, parents need to pay in their money for the childcare and the government will then top the account up.
5023	Once an application has been made and the fee has been paid, an inspector will undertake an inspection of the premises.
5024	Once an invoice has been raised it becomes a University debt and must be paid in full before you can move to the next year of your course, or before you graduate.
5025	Once a relationship has been established with the successful supplier, further opportunities may also be made available to them by the company in question.
5026	Once a relationship has been established you can safely move on to business matters.
5027	Once complete, this project will see large amounts of rainwater – up to 6,000 litres per second during storms – diverted away from the existing combined sewers and into new sewers that discharge this rainfall into the sea.
5028	Once confirmed, treatment will begin on the selected areas, with subsequent sessions taking place at least six weeks apart.
5029	Once employees lose faith in their leaders and managers, dis-engagement quickly follows.
5030	Once in the cabin of the forward-control LCV it’s hard not to get a queasy feeling that there’s not much protecting you from anything that might be encountered head-on.
5031	Once it was fitted,there was never going to be a way back or reversal for him.
5032	Once over this aim straight ahead up the field along a faint path marked with wooden posts.
5033	Once provided or obtained, the local authority does not collect used sandbags, and responsibility for their removal and disposal lies with the resident.
5034	Once the employee is selected, choose the ' option within the employee record.
5035	Once the forms have been completed a series of checks and enquiries are made to see what information exists about the person.
5036	Once the lessons have finished, students will typically train in their respective sport from 1.30pm-3pm three times a week, delivered by their lecturers, all of who are qualified coaches.
5037	Once the lock body is back in place, check that the door opens and closes easily without getting stuck, and that your new key turns smoothly in the lock.
5038	Once the new IORP Directive becomes EU law, each EU member state will have two years in which to implement it into national law.
5039	Once the pork has rested, turn upside down and cut into squares.
5040	Once the relevant undertakings have been given, the prosecutor will provide a statement of case against the suspect.
5041	Once they are in that position, it is, as I say, down to CCGs to make decisions about which treatments are appropriate for their patients and to measure them against the standards that I laid out.
5042	Once they’ve purchased the tripwire product, push them towards your top-selling products to capitalize on this new buyer-seller relationship as quickly as possible.
5043	Once this is started, the entire network can be quickly compromised.
5044	Once we have the record of your sighting, we will publish it on our website to share with other biodiversity spotters.
5045	Once you are signed up you will continue to receive information about new tours or a big sale.
5046	Once you decide between your korma, tikka, jalfrezi or lamb keema curry, it’s time to think about those side orders.
5047	Once you go past this point you’ll incur a hard credit check against your credit profile.
5048	Once you have all this data together in a folder you can either burn it to CD/DVD (etc.) or zip it ready form uploading (see ’How to register‘ section below).
5049	Once you have exercised this option, you can’t change your mind.
5050	Once you have gathered sufficient evidence you should go to the Clerk's office at the Magistrates Court and explain that you wish to make a complaint under section 82 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990.
5051	Once you have placed your order for Customised Products (including mi adidas products), we will send you an order confirmation email.
5052	Once you have reached the optimum pressure for spraying, the valve will release some air and the indicator will turn from green to red.
5053	Once you have your list you can then work your way through it and prioritise what you need to do first and so on.
5054	Once you're at the visitor centre the monument is 1.3 miles away.
5055	Once your job is posted, we alert relevant tradesmen and those interested get in touch.
5056	Once your purchaser is found and the price has been agreed, their mission will be to ensure your sale proceeds as seamlessly as possible.
5057	On Debian, use "dpkg -s apache2-mpm-worker apache2-mpm-prefork" to check which is installed.
5058	One addition - although Silversea does not offer alcohol for sale in the Boutique, some excellent bargains can be had by purchasing wine and spirits from the Connoisseur's List to bring home.
5059	One bonus of arriving in the middle of the night is the surprise of finding yourself somewhere absolutely lovely in the morning.
5060	One by one each person read out what they had written about me.
5061	One colour scheme which is becoming more and more trendy in bridal is the nude palette.
5062	One customer may be interested mostly in security, one maybe more focused on entertainment, whatever the lifestyle, we use our knowledge to create satisfied customers by providing something that as closely as possible matches their needs.”
5063	One day Dennis drove past an empty, desolate Dales pub and bought it.
5064	One happy customer.”
5065	One hundred of the positions will be in the capital with the others spread across the midlands, the north and Scotland.
5066	One important focus of pain management involves examining the link between the body and mind.
5067	One is flamboyant, confident and a chancer.
5068	One issue over which the socialists really had to battle and over which they were for a time on the defensive was that of the Boer War in South africa.
5069	One lives in horror at causing unwitting offence – but I was irked that my pursuer of enlightenment made no effort to adjust his occupancy of two thirds of the seat.
5070	One might have expected some improvement since then, and perhaps even faster change since 2010, when there was a surge in articles about women in technology jobs.
5071	One million pounds will be put back into Youth Work, and Peter Hatcher, the Senior Youth Officer for Warwickshire, is being asked to look at how this would work.
5072	One-off blitz cleans - £40 agency fee - £10 per hour!
5073	One of my first challenges is to disentangle how this occurs and how we can come up with an objective scoring method to judge studies' reliability (i.e. quality).
5074	One of our advisors will explain our mortgages and help find the right one.
5075	One of our experienced staff members will be able to advise you further!
5076	One of the best douches we’ve used.
5077	One of the clinic’s main objectives is to broaden the concept of access to justice, and that is really what this debate is about, at least in part.
5078	‘One of the exercises he suggested with recitative was to sing everything through on one note, just to get the rhythm and the flow.
5079	One of the FCA's top priorities is the managing of affordability in the UK credit industry.
5080	One of the First Aiders working that night named Ollie stayed with me and my rowdy group of friends, trying to distract me from the agony caused by my kneecap out of place, and I thank him for his positivity and patience.
5081	One of the highlights of our catering includes freshly cooked and good sized portions of food on the day of the function as well as focusing on healthy lifestyle cooking by providing a well balanced menu.
5082	One of the key benefits of choosing an apprenticeship is the fact that you will learn the skills that you need to do your job effectively.
5083	One of the major attractions of studying business and marketing is the broad range of practical and transferrable skills you can develop – creative, analytical, interpersonal and communications.
5084	One of the patients who were treated with exchange transfusion died with intractable hypotension before the procedure could be completed and two others developed oliguric renal failure which was controlled by peritoneal dialysis.
5085	One of the top names in Champagne and the Champers of choice for the city boys!
5086	One of the two surviving original windbraces has been put back in place to the lower right.
5087	One parent commented: “It is an excellent college, he would not go to school before.
5088	One (poor image) is with the Coventry Festival Band at the Memorial Park.
5089	One quarter (24%) of people have had an affair and cheated on a partner at some point in their lives, according to results released today.
5090	One recent costume was a 6 foot German Shepherd dog made from scraps of fun fur and a couple of ping pong balls for eyes.
5091	One reviewer said: “This is not an easy watch; but neither should it be.
5092	One such charity that we are currently supporting is ‘Computers 4 Africa’.
5093	One such material is Chipboard.
5094	One such spiritual law is that the head of the household is the protector of the family.
5095	One to pencil in for the summer holidays.
5096	One way of doing this is to use an enzyme at the start of the fermentation process to break down the gluten protein.
5097	One way of obtaining the user’s consent, for example, is using the process for a newsletter subscription.
5098	One witness was "Frater Johannes Hervy."
5099	One year on, her grandchildren t paid tribute to her.
5100	On February 8, 1587, Mary Queen of Scots was beheaded for treason.
5101	On Friday, December 20, I lost a ring in Market Harborough, somewhere in the vicinity of The Three Swans Hotel, off High Street, or the registry office in Coventry Road.
5102	Ongoing patient pathways in adult nursing With such a vast range of long term medical conditions that affect people around the UK, this module will deepen your understanding of the concept of independent living and end of life care.
5103	Online Autos is a car valet company offering a range of cleaning services for various vehicles.
5104	Online help can also answer most queries you may have and a web chat facility will be available to support people renewing online.
5105	Online training is free to childminders, early years and childcare professionals in Northamptonshire.
5106	Online warnings will display on the product detail page.
5107	Online wedding directory bringing together wedding suppliers from every corner of the UK.
5108	"Only 300 people were watching my YouTube broadcast."
5109	Only a couple of weeks ago, I was delighted to open the newly refurbished A.G. Barr regional office in my constituency.
5110	Only an idiot would see those latter dates and assume that gold-backed currency levels the table for rich and poor.
5111	Only companies within the charge to UK corporation tax who are directly involved in putting on the exhibitions will be able to qualify for relief.
5112	Only five per cent of singles aged between 25 and 59 had sex two or three times a week compared to 25 per cent of married people.
5113	Only if there’s not a lot of recent avalanche activity around and you do not see or hear any other clues of instability, then you can look for steeper and more varied terrain.
5114	Only managers, in partnership with clinicians, have the time or expertise to address this challenge.
5115	Only our EU customers are charged VAT.
5116	Only time will tell if ‘quick fixes’ currently favoured by those under pressure to produce instant results will lead to true, sustainable and scaleable improvement.
5117	Only two relevant studies worldwide were ultimately identified that included prevalence or incidence-based data on the direct costs of status epilepticus, with one coming from Germany and the other from the US.
5118	On Monday 9 April 2018 Facebook notified all those whose details were involved, via a message on their Facebook Newsfeed.
5119	On Monday, although Darcy the magician was very.
5120	"On my last throw I just let everything go.
5121	On occasions the Society's regulatory teams seek advice from professional support.
5122	On occasions this sea of clouds causes a fine and mysterious horizontal rain.
5123	On site services and amenities include 24 hour porter/concierge, swimming pool, gym, residents business lounge, screening room and roof terrace, all whilst offering spectacular views of St Pauls and beyond.
5124	On some programmes our machines stop during the rinses and do not pump the water out.
5125	On successful completion of this qualification learners can progress to a Aviation Operations Manager role with the option to progress to higher level management.
5126	On that occasion the hockey players of Shetland made their voices heard as they put a strong case for using part of the site for a new artificial pitch.
5127	On the beautiful Essex Sunshine Coast, Albion Beach has something for everyone.
5128	On the final leaf is inscribed: "Liber Jo.
5129	On the ground floor there is a kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, cloakroom and dining room which could be used as a second lounge.
5130	On the morning of our return journey, we received a text saying that the flight was cancelled and that we had been booked on a BA flight instead.
5131	On the other hand, instantly falling for someone means you have chemistry and sexual desire and both these factors are hugely important for satisfying, long-term love.
5132	On the palate although it is sweet, the vibrant acidity balances the sweetness perfectly and keeps it from being cloying.
5133	On the plus side, I stumbled across 'upload a file' and that works - I've uploaded 4 PDFs I already had to hand, and I'm going to create one especially for uploading to my Facebook group.
5134	On the same day a Red-breasted Flycatcher and adult Sabines Gull were also seen at Flamborough.
5135	On this page you can find information on Newborough Wales.
5136	On this page you can see photos and details of each B&B and the member’s grading.
5137	On this page you will find information about your Fulfilment by Amazon available reports in Seller Central.
5138	On this tour we spend some time in Enniskillen before travelling to our main attraction, the Marble Arch Caves.
5139	On Thursday 1st September the family returned home to the grand unveiling of their completely transformed home.
5140	On top of that I had to learn to live with the impact of a traumatic brain injury."
5141	On Wednesday, 26th November, Grove Horticultural Society is having an illustrated presentation by Mrs J. Farr entitled ‘University Gardens’ in Grove Village Hall.
5142	On what terms should support be given to a succession of 'irresponsible' governments which had failed to satisfy the popular agenda?
5143	On younger, recently planted vines, select strong horizontal branches and train them onto support wires so that they can mature and thicken into the main support stems.
5144	On your wedding day I know that you want to feel as flawless and beautiful as possible, with no concerns about it moving or running.
5145	Ooh, it’s a toss-up between roses (which have to have a scent) and the rich blue/purple iris.
5146	OPEN HOUSE EVENT - 2nd June 2018 A unique opportunity to rent this detached house set in a very private location in a rural setting that offers four double bedrooms and flexible well proportioned accomodation downstairs.
5147	Open small gallery over the gallery bedroom which has a single bed.
5148	Open the box and check that the eggs are clean, and there are no cracked ones.
5149	Open your own new bank account that only you have access to.
5150	Operating from High Lane Medical Centre in Stockport and Barrington Consulting Rooms in Altrincham, we also offer a home visit service throughout Cheshire and the surrounding areas of Derbyshire, Merseyside, Greater Manchester and Staffordshire.
5151	Opportunities for involvement are contained within the Resident Involvement Agreement, which has been developed in consultation with the Dartford Borough Residents' Forum.
5152	Opportunity to develop a new revenue stream through participating in commercial research.
5153	Option for voluntary customers who pay by Direct Debit.
5154	Or a few other sites, but youll be offered pick-by-pick advice.
5155	Or an equation to foresee the value client services will generate?
5156	Or at least that was the contention of the journalist John Ware on a recent edition of Panorama, an investigative programme aired on the BBC.
5157	Orbán’s that Hungarian human rights groups would take over the country and flood it with Muslim refugees may have been preposterous even by the standards of today’s fake news.
5158	Or call 020 8722 6400 or email slg.
5159	Ordered to pay victim services £30 and costs of £150.
5160	Order now for delivery in August.
5161	Organic Babies Soothing Baby Oil by Green People 100ml A gentle.
5162	Organisations which have no entry beside their name in the status column are either in the process of applying for charity registration, have an application in progress or have not yet been called forward.
5163	Original drainpipes and gutters should be repaired or replaced with the same materials as the original.
5164	Originally known as All Saints Cemetery, Nunhead Cemetery is another one of the lesser known cemeteries in the city, despite being one of the Magnificent Seven.
5165	Originally published in (Workers' State), October 1934, an Italian Communist Party journal published in exile in Paris.
5166	Originating in Brooklyn, New York, rainbow bagels are a colourful version of the regular bagel.
5167	“Orkney Islands Council (OIC) recently announced that a series of public meetings will take place over the summer to discuss its current and future spending plans.
5168	Or Mission "Sharing God's love" Our aim as a Church is to: worship God with joy and reverence.
5169	Or perhaps your board could benefit from additional support to reach its full potential?
5170	Or that the strike was instigated by a primarily female-led union?
5171	Or that you could wander around a gallery alone late at night?
5172	Or, what we've been saying for years.
5173	Or you can unwind with a walk through the nearby bird sanctuary.
5174	Oscar Deutsch opened the first ODEON cinema in 1928 in Brierley, Staffordshire.
5175	Oscar-winning actor Emma Thompson read Should You Ask Me and describes it as 'an unputdownable combination of thriller and psychological drama'.
5176	Osmio Bella Chrome 3-Way (Tri-flow) Kitchen Tap or order online before 3.30pm (Mon-Fri) for FREE mainland UK next working day delivery.
5177	Ospreys are incredible birds of prey; dark and beautiful with a wingspan that can sometimes reach five foot!
5178	Other amenities available include: concierge, dry cleaning/ironing service, currency exchange, and complimentary Wi-Fi in the hotel lobby.
5179	Other amenities include 3 bars/lounges, a health club and a coffee shop/café.
5180	Other benefits include brick paved allocated parking (to the side of front door), gas central heating, double glazing, front and rear gardens.
5181	Other changes can affect your bill, such as leaving the property empty.
5182	Other countries have followed our example.
5183	Other diseases such as salmonella are also prominent.
5184	Other extras include an aromatherapy menu, pillow menu, dedicated concierge and access to a private beach area.
5185	Other highlights include Jonny Woo’s Gayzpacho which promises half-naked men wrestling in a tomato pit, go-go dancers, flamenco dancing and more.
5186	Other highlights include the metal-finish eyeball vents for the air-conditioning, the precise action of the switchgear and the intuitive COMAND rotary controller.
5187	Other local easier access routes and sites include the Usk Reservoir Trail and the Black Mountain Red Kite Feeding Station.
5188	Other places of interest close by include, Charlestown with its Tall Ships, the Saints Way Pilgrim Trail, The Lost Gardens of Heligan, and numerous National Trust properties and gardens.
5189	Others have pursued postgraduate study or specialised training in disciplines like translation and interpreting.
5190	Others he met with and advised in his London home included his long-term comrade, Forbes Burnham from Guyana, Michael Manley from Jamaica, Errol Barrow from Barbados and Jack Keishall from Grenada.
5191	Other singles she is known for include Want U Back, With Ur Love, Grow Up, Beautiful People and Playa Boi.
5192	Other than that, family tree research continues at full pace.
5193	Other than that there are also other impressive museums.
5194	Other vessels in the range which may benefit from a hybrid solution include survey vessels, harbour workboats, passenger vessels, and patrol boats.
5195	Otherwise check how much your bill will be and set aside money for when your new bill arrives.
5196	Other works consider the way in which fragments of experience linger in the memory, like a perfume that triggers highly personal reminiscences.
5197	Our 2 sons love playing a bit of 2 player Mario kart or Arms in the back of the car.
5198	Our 2 Yard Skip is the perfect small skip for you to hire.
5199	Our 2 Year Buy to Let Base Rate Tracker Mortgage is available up to 75% LTV so will require a deposit of at least 25% from you.
5200	Our able and assorted crew have ample experience in navigating and conquering the high seas of digital marketing.
5201	Our Accounting teaching team includes 14 qualified accountants and a qualified solicitor, who have significant industry and accounting practice experience, as well as significant experience of teaching professional accountancy qualifications.
5202	Our aim is to ensure the continued health of your teeth and gums, and this means giving you regular dental advice and helping you to understand how to care for your teeth.
5203	Our apprenticeship programme has also been extended to include colleagues who already work in the business, so they too can gain new skills and knowledge in order to progress their careers.
5204	Our bi-folding doors can transform your home, available with openings from the left, right and middle, folding inwards or outwards.
5205	Our Business Plan sets out the organisational priorities for the next three years and the programmes and projects that will be delivered to meet the vision for Achieving for Children.
5206	Our Cambridge (A14, J32) Premier Inn has everything you'd expect, free parking, incredibly comfy beds in every room and an.
5207	Our campuses are friendly and compact with a community feel, offering first-class, sustainable facilities for learning and teaching.
5208	Our ceramic core is utilised to maximise the heat dispersal from the radiator.
5209	Our clinic is situated within the Physiotherapy Department on the 2nd floor of The City of Coventry Health Centre, where we have modern, well equipped clinic rooms.
5210	Our commitment to local people is reflected in our investment in our workforce.
5211	Our common room is at the heart of the Department.
5212	Our Community Tree initiative works to bridge this gap and help people to navigate the services available to them before they reach that point”.
5213	Our complaints process has two clear stages, each of which is designed to provide a robust, thorough and independent response to the issues raised.
5214	Our constitution sets out how we operate, how decisions are made and the procedures which are followed to ensure that these are efficient, transparent and accountable to local people.
5215	Our courses and approved qualifications are designed not only to meet all of your regulatory and statutory duties by complying with the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) but to give your employee skills that actually work in the real world.
5216	Our course will be particularly useful if you want to pursue a career in industry, commerce or with professional services firms, with many of our graduates also beginning their own entrepreneurial ventures.
5217	Our data provide evidence that common tumor antigens are recognized by CTL on RCC.
5218	Our decision follows extensive consultation with stakeholders and a pilot.
5219	Our dedicated sales team work in partnership with you to create an individually tailored marketing plan for your property.
5220	Our dermatologist-tested formula is fragrance- and dye-free, ideal for cleansing and soothing sensitive skin.
5221	Our Design Studio then developed four concepts to test at ‘hall test’.
5222	Our Digital Strategy relies on the following foundations:-
5223	Our Director, Tim Crossfield,comes from a Nursing background, both Psychiatric and General and an academic one, and is able to relate each session to the real world and make the content interesting and informative.
5224	Our discussions were fascinating.
5225	Our drivers are highly experienced and take great pride in the level of customer service they provide and the presentation of their vehicles.
5226	Our editors are waiting around night time and working day simply because we know that the requirement for academic publishing doesnt end in the event the sunlight proceeds cheaper.
5227	Our elderly whiteboards can be used by you or carers all over your home and provide a vivid visual reminder of the day and any important appointments.
5228	Our engineers designed a comprehensive temporary works scheme for the proposed alterations, but due to the complexity of the demolition, the scheme had to be installed in phases as the works progressed to maintain the integrity of the listed structure.
5229	Our ethical policy is customer-led.
5230	Our ever growing list of new destinations and flight schedules made sure 2016 provided travellers with more opportunities to explore the globe than ever before.
5231	Our experience has grown from caring for our own three children and grandchildren and all the many other children we have cared for.
5232	Our favourite bonfire night traditions for a wedding day are delicious hot chocolate and marshmallows!
5233	Our findings go to the Commons Home Affairs Committee, which itself is looking at future immigration policy and how we might move to a consensus on this issue.
5234	Our first annual review of Highways England’s performance will report on progress next summer.
5235	Our fleet of cars available at Funchal Airport consist of a range of cars.
5236	Our focus on local producers, freshness and fun for all the family gives you a unique shopping experience.
5237	Our Forum programmes include Chess, Cricket, Drama, Golf, Launch Car Challenge STEM programme and Football.
5238	Our friendly Health & Safety and HR experts will save you time and energy, with practical help that makes good business sense.
5239	Our GCSE design and technology tours are available to Disneyland® Paris, London and New York.
5240	Our Get Started with Hair and Make Up course can help you to improve your skills.
5241	Our goal is to ensure that we are not bound by the traditional constraints that prevent the people we need from joining our business.
5242	Our goals begin with making visible women who work in the multitudinous areas of sound from music technology to sound art, sound and society to the politics of sound, and every area in between.
5243	Our good looking Stag is white and has a tan leather interior with white piping.
5244	Our graduates have gone on to a wide range of roles, including working in magazines, in print, online and in broadcast – check out the job destinations page.
5245	Our guides will help you stay safe online and make the most of the internet.
5246	Our gyms in central London are conveniently located around some of the major tube and train stations in the capital such as Paddington, Bond Street, Leicester Square, Charring Cross and Edgware road.
5247	Our illustration students study a challenging academic programme which encapsulates contemporary practice, its historical contexts, and aspects of professional applications.
5248	Our interactive map shows what people throughout the UK are publicly sharing on social media, potentially putting themselves at risk of crime.
5249	Our lean top conservatory roofs are also very easy to assemble and install.
5250	Our Licensing and Leisure team is comprised of senior practitioners, each of whom has been selected to join the team owing to their specialist expertise within a legal discipline that impacts upon your core business.
5251	Our lives are made easier by advances in technology and yet somehow it doesn’t feel like it.
5252	Our Local Authority client based in Central / South London area are currently looking to appoint an Interim of Asset Management, on an intial contract until the end of the year.
5253	'Our members' needs set our agenda'.
5254	Our mission is to create a family of outstanding schools serving the primary and secondary phases of education in North Yorkshire and the surrounding area.
5255	Our modern fleet of 8-wheel tippers carries up to 20t of subsoil or aggregate.
5256	Our Moodle Virtual Learning Environment and our Office 365 system are available both within and outside of College to all students.
5257	Our most popular products based on sales.
5258	Our MP's should lead by example.
5259	Our 'My Epping Forest Repairs' app is really easy to use.
5260	“Our neighbours have been generous in their support, which has made life so much more bearable for us all.
5261	Our new bar 'The Walls', has opened it's doors for the first time today, accessible to County Long Room badge holders.
5262	Our Newborn Organic Pointelle Bodysuit, in 100% organic cotton, is a supersoft star pointelle bodysuit with ribbed cuffs.
5263	Our new facilities will provide a fantastic educational experience for everyone in the community.
5264	Our new office is an exciting expansion of our existing Kirklees employment service.
5265	Our overall rating also confirms our position as the leading specialist higher education institution for agricultural research in England.”
5266	Our people deliver managed and outsourced services to operate your technology estate so you can focus on your organisational mission.
5267	Our picture right shows sales negotiator Pauline Armstrong with a ‘Lucky for one’ swingboard at the new development.
5268	Our posted essays are completely free and original from plagiarism and then we endeavor day and night to ensure that our essay writing service fulfills you entirely.
5269	Our previous inspections of NHS trusts have shown a strong link between the quality of overall management of a trust and the quality of its services.
5270	Our primary duo fascia system is a simple twice bent fascia that is manufactured on an individual project by project basis.
5271	Our protests have made a huge difference and give hope for peace.
5272	Our readers may be well aware of the versatility and adaptability of the galvanizing industry.
5273	Our reforms will be good for tenants, but they will also be good for landlords, and it will be essential for us to provide the right safeguards for them.
5274	Our renters are just as important to us as our buyers and sellers, so we pride ourselves on acting with professionalism and care, and looking after our tenants to the best of our ability.
5275	Our returns policy must be adhered to.
5276	Our sash windows can feature the original features of a timber sash window such as decorative horns or sculpted frames, but can also incorporate a much more modern design.
5277	Our search algorithm returned perfect matches for generator maintenance and 42 most relevant partial matches.
5278	Our search algorithm returned perfect matches for kitchen prices and 101 most relevant partial matches.
5279	Our second runner-up is from These Feet Were Made for Walking at EDP Renewables.
5280	Our services are perfect for all types of application including building services, engineering services and we are proud to currently provide the UK''s leading commercial kitchen manufacturer with kitchen and floor plans for their customers.
5281	Our sincere thanks and gratitude go to the council.
5282	Our skilled surfacing craftsman can create anything that your imagination ponders, from pretend rivers, through to your school name imprinted for all to see.
5283	Our specialisms span from Antarctica, Greenland and the Arctic to Bangladesh, China and the emergent economies, whilst continuing to attend to the closer to home, the North east region in which we are located.
5284	Our Spiritual Care Team works closely alongside the clinical teams.
5285	Our staff are available with expert gardening advice on hand if you have any questions on plants so come and visit us and have a look around.
5286	Our staff are friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the cars we have on show, and the services we can offer you.
5287	Our staff are fully qualified to tackle any repair your vehicle is needing.
5288	Our strong leadership and governance has been recognised by the 2017 Times Higher Leadership and Management Awards and the 2017 British Quality Foundation Excellence Award for excellence in all areas of governance and operation.
5289	Our study demonstrates how rare tumour suppressors can be identified through copy number meta-analysis.
5290	Our stunning 110 acre university style campus boasts stunning arcitecture, spacious classrooms and excellent, modern on-site facilities for Sport, Performing Arts, Science, Media Technology and Design.
5291	Our survey provides a unique insight into the lives of children and young people aged eight to 17 living in the county of Leicestershire.
5292	Our survey reveals that 51 per cent of respondents do not think their current organisational structure is effective, suggesting that procurement needs to evolve to cope with the demands of today’s businesses.
5293	Our systematic approach also provides information on geographic and thematic gaps in our knowledge and where we may need to apply other survey techniques.
5294	Our team based out of Aston By Stone will ensure that you do not get involved in any paperwork or face any hassles.
5295	Our team covers Renfrew, Moorpark and the Knockhill areas and is also responsible for Gallowhill and Arkleston.
5296	Our team keep a close eye on the best tech and electricals deals from Currys PC World, including all the voucher codes available.
5297	Our team works evenings, weekends, and bank holidays in order to provide the most flexible service possible.
5298	Our tour guide was Andy and he was really knowledgeable and helpful.
5299	Our traditional carol service took place once again in the local St James Church.
5300	Our TV advertising plan places us in a great position to perform campaign optimisation.
5301	Our UK team of 4,000 stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our most important people – our customers.
5302	Our vanity units and vanity shelves can be configured to suit your specific environment and requirements – straight line vanity, back-to-back vanity, corner vanity, curved vanity or your own unique set-out.
5303	Our Volkswagen Motability Specialists can help with the latest rates and advise on specialist adaptations.
5304	Our volunteers are creative and innovative in delivering fun and exciting social activities for older people in their local communities.
5305	Our warm home creates the perfect scene to have fun and capture those magical moments you will treasure for a lifetime.
5306	Our Will & Probate Solicitors can help you protect your interests and give you the peace of mind knowing your Estate is taken care of when you pass away.
5307	Our wonderful girl has given birth to 4 beautiful puppies.
5308	Our X7 stops past travels from Greenock to Glasgow via Bridge of Weir, Johnstone, Kilmacolm, Bridge of Weir, Linwood and Intu Braehead.
5309	Out of these small units he can create one or two minute sections within the piece.
5310	Outside Soapbox she has a keen interest in wider visual culture and sociology.
5311	Outside the front.
5312	Outside, there is a free car park 50 yards from the apartment and a pretty courtyard garden with a seating area.
5313	Over 15 years' experience working with children.
5314	Over 25 per cent of cases raised by RCN members in England are within London.
5315	Over 500 knives, 11 firearms and 50 offensive weapons have been recovered during an Op Sceptre week of action.
5316	Overall, 65% of women achieve a successful pregnancy within 18 months of an ectopic pregnancy.
5317	Overall, delighted to have learned a new skill - and to feel even closer to my much loved aga (which will remain in the cottage we have rented for a year when we buy it in a few weeks).
5318	Overall, it was comfortable and adequate.
5319	Overall, the Chancellor’s tone was one of continuation rather than dramatic change, and this will be welcomed by local authority leaders.
5320	Overall, the infotainment and safety tech has been strategically put together to result in a vehicle that keeps you comfortable, safe and intouch 100% of the time.
5321	Over on the acoustic stage, there were performances from the likes of Podge Blacksmith and Roxy Searle.
5322	Over the course of 2012 and 2013 the Council worked in partnership with the Brentwood Skatepark Association to transform and renovate the existing aged and dilapidated ramps.
5323	Over the course of the last few years, the business has gone from strength to strength and made significant investments in plant and machinery.
5324	Over the doorway of the tower is a lintel carved with "All My Hoip Is In Ye Lord", the initials MR and KF (for Mungo Russell and his wife Katherine Fisher), and the date of construction, 1582.
5325	Over the last ten years projects have ranged in value from 30,000 to 26m and in personality from the conservative institutions through bespoke retail outlets to the new and progressive Internet companies.
5326	Over the past 26 years at the garden he has gone from being an unqualified gardener to Head of Site, and has been involved in a number of projects including the creation of the Wildwood and the Dry Garden.
5327	Over the past few months, Ministers and civil servants have increasingly been asking the business community to provide more detailed evidence of what they need for the final deal, including on the future of rules and regulations.
5328	Over the past few years though I have experimented with a range of ideas to prevent pigeons hoovering up the food.
5329	Over the past two years the official data shows there has been an increase of 270,000 (31%) in days in acute hospitals when beds have been occupied by patients who have had their discharge delayed unnecessarily, to the current figure of 1.15 million days.
5330	Over the past two years we have demonstrated a significant impact in reducing the number of children entering the care system.
5331	Over the same period, the price of the average house in London has risen from a little under £300,000 to nearly £500,000.
5332	Over the stile/bridges/stile into Field 3, keep following the Stour.
5333	Over the year, our students will create a game for them while demonstrating that it meets their brief.
5334	Over the years we have helped many home owners and business owners with and have become one of the leading TV aerial companies in the area.
5335	Overtime, it will accumulate and begin to add up, helping you to rest a little easier in the process.
5336	Over time the top teeth can be pulled forward, and the bottom teeth pushed back.
5337	Over time this resulted in significant additional time to collect the garden waste being produced.
5338	Over two years the Chancellor has revised borrowing up by £12.5 billion.
5339	Owned and run by husband-and-wife team Michael and Sarah McBride, Thirteen offers clever British dishes (with subtle touches of the Med and Far East) served unhurriedly and unfussily in two rooms just off the Market Square.
5340	Owned by a Doctor from new to 2013.
5341	Owner in when I arrived and very friendly.
5342	· Own the customer problem or issue to solve and educate.
5343	Oxford Road, Ealing, London - 1 Bedroom Flat - SequenceUpdate your browser to view this website correctly.
5344	Packed with exciting information about all types of trains, and with interesting photographs of each, this book is sure to turn even the longest train journey into a game.
5345	Packed with protein and naturally low in calories, fish is mega-satisfying for the appetite and superbly slimming too.
5346	Pack light – a key tip for any backpacker, remember you have to carry everything around with you, so ensure you only pack the essentials.
5347	Page 13, line 1, leave out “ten” and insert “six”
5348	Page generated in 0.188s on Live03.
5349	' page is still open so please feel free to donate!
5350	Painted Dog Conservation are based near Hwange National Park in Zimbabwe and are at the forefront of community engagement and monitoring African Wild Dogs in Zimbabwe.
5351	Panel bath with mixer taps and shower attachment over, low level w.c, pedestal hand wash basin, tiled flooring, extractor fan, double glazed window to rear aspect.
5352	Panitumumab may only be available in some situations.
5353	Panormo, 1872' was valued at £2000 - £3000 but realised £6600.
5354	PaperBridge has been the dream of its creator Steve Messam’s for over three years, this project continues his series of ambitious temporary installations in rural landscapes.
5355	Paper invitations—available on paperlesspost.com flat-printed, foil-stamped, engraved, letterpressed, or thermographed—are a beautiful keepsake for guests to remember your wedding it by.
5356	Parallel Light Grey Field Tile - 248x498mm available at Tiledealer!
5357	Parental controls on your home internet and safety tools, such as privacy settings, can play their part in reducing risks, but must be seen as only part of the solution.
5358	Parentalia, Malaya, South Africa.
5359	Parent of: Chalk block drain (B87) of the CLBR fort II, located at the Battle of Britain Homes site, Dover.
5360	Parish Councils can take different forms but usually are made up of local people who stand for election as Parish Councillors to represent their area.
5361	Parish Maps have been promoted by Common Ground as a lively way of socially exploring and demonstrating what people value in their own place, and as a means to generating and liberating enthusiasms for doing something.
5362	Park Avenue Infants School, Park Avenue, Attleborough, Nuneaton from September 1942 to July 1950.
5363	Parking - Pay a Penalty Charge Notice (PCN) Payment Process - My MiddlesbroughSigning up for an online account helps you to access council services online.
5364	Parragon is built on strong connections - from excellent business relationships with licensors and retail partners, to being the trusted choice of millions of consumers.
5365	Part 3 of the draft Bill provides for the acquisition of communications data by law enforcement and the security and intelligence agencies.
5366	Participants didn’t need to be extraordinary technicians; they just had to be able to understand the editing techniques used by their community.
5367	Participants share very intimate things about their offline lives with us already, so we have very well defined standard operating procedures and safeguarding mechanisms in place for those circumstances.
5368	Participants will consider the development of friendship skills and understand the particular difficulties that some children and young people experience.
5369	Participants will learn more about what makes a good graphic novel, the art of illustration and gain some invaluable advice and tips on graphic novel writing.
5370	Participating as much as he is allowed to in this week's voluntary veteran minicamp.
5371	Particularly as was gambling free for over 5 decades.
5372	Particularly the ability to work in different mediums, and different styles to suit the audience.
5373	Particularly we need to rethink the values that lie behind farming.
5374	Partly tiled, low flush w.c., pedestal wash hand basin, electric shower over and double glazed window to rear.
5375	Partnering with News UK and Sky Media is a truly unique and exciting opportunity.
5376	Partners will need to ensure that all of the expenses they wish to claim for are included in the profit and loss account as there is no option to deduct these from your share of the profits after allocation between the partners.
5377	Part of the problem is down to accused members ‘lawyering up’ and getting delays, some insiders claim.
5378	Part of the problem is that prestigious BBC journalists don’t really grasp this meaning themselves.
5379	Part of the research involved making documentary film, ‘Los Niños de La Terminal’ which follows children who live, work and study at The Terminal - a marketplace, bus station and home to hundreds of families - in Guatemala City.
5380	Part of the Sharkham Village development, this exclusive site of just 31 of high quality town houses is situated off St Marys Hill in Brixham and overlooks the stunning St Marys Bay.
5381	Part of this job involved him being sent to the US to check out this encryption machine that the British and US wanted to use to communicate with each other.
5382	Parts of site will not function, no ability to access member only parts of site.
5383	Part-time students are those whose study was recorded as part-time, or studying full-time on courses lasting less than 24 weeks, on block release, or studying during the evenings.
5384	PARTY venue Popworld has landed in Reading town centre — offering revellers a slice of Noughties nostalgia.
5385	Passed his test 1st time this morning with his instructor Gavin Hudd!
5386	Passenger cars declined by 2.6% despite new model launches and high consumer confidence, on the other hand commercial vehicles increased by whopping 17.1% largely due to demand from construction and mining segment.
5387	Passengers and passers-by came forward to try to save Imani.
5388	Passengers are generally English-speaking, well-traveled cruise veterans in the 55-and-older age bracket.
5389	Passenger service: British Railways (North Eastern Region).
5390	Pass Waltham Abbey Town Lock and continue to end of Waltons Walk.
5391	Pasta bar was great.
5392	Patients and their carers will be visited in hospital, within a week of transfer into the rehabilitation ward, subsequently when discharge date is set and at 1 and 6 weeks post-discharge.
5393	Patients told us staff had been reassuring and recognised they were in pain and offered pain relief.
5394	Patients would also be able to enter their personal data into an app, with the information being sent to a database to be evaluated by hospital staff, resulting in shorter wait times for those in desperate need.
5395	Pat Waddell, an accomplished violinist, acted as an ambulance driver from 1916 onwards, having learned to drive in London by cajoling taxi drivers to let her take control of their vehicles.
5396	Paul Farmer, Chief Executive of Mind, said: “Mental health problems can affect anyone, no matter what their background.
5397	Paul Hill is preparing to hit the ground running at Saints next season.
5398	Paul is no stranger to the school, having conducted a previous Masterclass and performed in numerous Festival of Nine Lessons and Carol services.
5399	Paxton will be offering free 30 minute webinars for installers who are unable to attend the Net2 Entry seminars.
5400	Payments Council to keep chequesThe Payments Council has announced that cheques will continue for as long as customers need them and the target for possible closure of cheque clearing in 2018 has been cancelled.
5401	Payment should be by a cheque made payable to the Police and Crime Commissioner for Hampshire Constabulary.
5402	P B Donoghue denied the claims in their entirety.
5403	PC Glen Crosland based at Aylesbury police station.
5404	PDSA supporters receive a discount and we get a donation for every Sure Petcare product sold through us.
5405	Pea & bacon chowder ~ perfect for Troll 2 party menu.
5406	Pearlstein couldn’t afford to be so self-indulgent.
5407	Pedagogically I am also interested in communicating the excitement and practical use of scientific research, primarily mathematical modelling, to the general public.
5408	Pegler Yorkshire - Stainless Who are Pegler Yorkshire?
5409	Peirson remains convinced that, despite the slower growth, equities remain the most attractive asset class.
5410	Penparcau is a neighbourhood on the outskirts of Aberystwyth in Wales, home to around 3,000 people.
5411	People claiming JSA must declare that they are out of work, capable of, available for and actively seeking work during the week in which the claim is made.
5412	‘People have been telling me for years to go to college but the thought of it terrified me.
5413	People — Moore Stephens This site uses cookies to provide you with a better experience.
5414	People often come to me and say, ‘I need to know what my skills and strengths are, and then I can see what jobs I can do.’
5415	People seem to think they have a god-given right to mess with other people’s’ computers because they know a little more than the hapless owner, but this is very much an area where a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing.
5416	People’s Health Trust acknowledges the importance of this project; supporting carers and providing a social network to improve the quality of life for all involved.
5417	People talking, expressing their views on things, in their natural accents—it’s great.
5418	People who have been assessed and get on the housing register then gets told if they can bid for a Band A, B, C or D property through Home Choice.
5419	People who put customer satisfaction at the heart of all that they do.
5420	People who sell fireworks must make sure they are registered and stored safely.
5421	People will be supported by 24/7 out of hours on-call service.
5422	People with breathlessness can sometimes become isolated if they’re less able to go out and meet family or friends.
5423	Perfect for a quiet evening drink or 4 as it is usually empty.
5424	Perfect for couple's play, Jace is ideal for internal and external pleasure, whether you want to stimulate the G-spot, clitoris, balls or perineum.
5425	Perfect for everyday dressing is our silver toned longline pendant necklace.
5426	Perfect for weddings and ideal for Leeds training days, meetings and conferences.
5427	Perhaps, in the future, the universities’ boards will look at what should be a matter of ethics and human decency as a matter of dollars and cents.
5428	Perhaps it could be made clearer in broucher.
5429	Perhaps it wasn’t connected to the business in the beginning, impact objectives were not developed, or it was not facilitated with the end in mind.
5430	Perhaps the most overwhelming aspect of Brexit is not its enormity—which is of course real enough—but its unfamiliarity.
5431	Perhaps the PLP, so keen to undermine him, should look to the membership, and the electorate?
5432	Perhaps there were 20 of us, perhaps only a dozen.
5433	Perhaps this played a part in the Riksbank’s move.
5434	Perhaps you’ll see a dolphin or the puffins on ‘Puffin Island’?
5435	Perrett Haydn provides a range of hearing aids and gives advice on hearing products.
5436	Personal finance and debt management services.
5437	…personalising a bedroom for a child receiving end of life care.
5438	Personal, Social, Health and Economic (PSHE) education is the part of the curriculum in which pupils can develop the skills and attributes to stay healthy and safe and prepare for life and work in modern Britain.
5439	Persons or institutions wishing to reproduce images belonging to the Whitby Literary & Philosophical Society are invited to download our Application & Licence for Print Publication which contains all the necessary information.
5440	Peter has also supported the site supervisor in monitoring the work of premises staff and carrying out inspections.
5441	Peter Heaton-Jones and Sir Nick Harvey will be going head to head again to contest North Devon in the general election.
5442	Peter Stanford: When is it right for new trustees to speak up?
5443	Pet insurance might be able to help, but its important to get the right cover.
5444	Phase 3 has seen the biggest shake-up to the MCU to date.
5445	Phillpotts house has a rather nomadic history.
5446	Phosgene was responsibility for 85% of all gas deaths in the First World War.
5447	Photo 139/2(7) - Portrait of Sir Robert Montgomery, Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab, with his staff and their wives, Lahore.
5448	Photo caption: representing the Group Longstanding Achievement winners, Concordia Theatre, are Trustees John Hill and Judy Peatfield, who are seen here with the Mayor.
5449	Photographs might have a more faithful expression, but are two-dimensional.
5450	Photo of a contemporary single-wall open plan kitchen in London with recessed-panel cabinets, white cabinets, metallic splashback, mirror splashback, stainless steel appliances and no island.
5451	Photos can be a great way to capture special moments to allow you to treasure a part of those memories for a long time to come.
5452	Phytocannabinoid compounds are thought to have anti-inflammatory, analgesic and anti-tumour effects.
5453	Pick & Mix at all Millennium & Copthorne Hotels This website uses cookies.
5454	Pick the flowers as soon as they open.
5455	Pick up your trail map at the concierge desk and get hunting.
5456	Picnic benches are situated near the visitor centre and on the Dragonfly Trail.
5457	Pictured left to right are: Annette Birkbeck, Alan 'Birdy' Birkbeck and Cllr Jamie Groves with the Rovers promotion banner.
5458	Pictures (of bus in bad repair) from the Mike Davies collection.
5459	Pitfalls of learning analytics dashboards in the educational practice.
5460	Pity the only one at home to see and smell the results of pampering was my beloved pooch Scrumble.
5461	PiXel design - Web design, Print design, SEO services on Glasgow TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
5462	Pizarras de Otero 2015 Bierzo - Majestic WineIt appears that your browser has JavaScript disabled.
5463	Place it in a strong cardboard box with an old towel inside, close the box securely and seek expert advice.
5464	Placements are offered within the Roslin Institute and the Moredun Institute.
5465	Places are limited so if you are interested in attending you should book as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.
5466	Places for the event must be pre-booked by visiting https://www.
5467	Place some couscous in the middle of each plate, top with the salmon and serve warm.
5468	Planning permission has been granted PA17/03941 for the construction of a 4 (.
5469	Plans are also underway for a second study day for venesection nurses which will build on the 2018 event to develop and disseminate best practice guidelines for treatment in clinics up and down the country, and this will also be held in the city.
5470	Plans, drawings and material submitted to the Council are protected by the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
5471	Planting will continue this month in a number of areas.
5472	Plant passports may only be issued by growers who are registered and authorised for the purpose.
5473	Playing against ex-players or manager.
5474	Please allow 7 working days from the final Claim Deadline as specified above, to receive the case.
5475	Please bare in mind we may request supporting evidence to complete your application.
5476	Please be aware that we will ask for evidence to support your application.
5477	Please check back here to see which cookies are in use at any given time.
5478	Please check the R3 Annual Conference pages of our website and the brochure for more details.
5479	Please check your booking carefully before confirming and making payment as mistakes cannot be rectified at a later date.
5480	Please contact (0115) 9072244 ext. 3154 for further information on this matter.
5481	Please contact us to discuss your health and safety requirements further for a free no obligation quotation.
5482	Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order.
5483	Please could you confirm what agreement you would advise having in place with such suppliers?
5484	Please do not ban skateboarding from Norwich city centre!
5485	Please ensure details are provided as requested to enable us to process your form as quickly as possible.
5486	Please ensure you are 100% ready before applying.
5487	Please ensure you arrive at the town hall in plenty of time to drop off your baggage, warm up, relax and make your way to the start line.
5488	Please find above all details for Europcar’s Pardubice car hire branch – location map, address, phone and fax number.
5489	Please find detailed below the responses to your questions in your recent Freedom of Information Request:-
5490	Please for live Parkway bus times.
5491	Please make sure that you are sending a photocopy through the post to us.
5492	Please Note: calls to TrainTracker™ may be monitored for quality and training purposes.
5493	Please note, due to the nature of wireless, we cannot guarantee complete access to wifi in all areas.
5494	Please note, due to the random nature of this product it is difficult to cut down and use as a border.
5495	Please note supplements are only available on selected Eurostar tours and river cruises, subject to availability.
5496	Please note that changing your programme choices may cause significant delays to your application being considered.
5497	Please note that complaints should be submitted by using the council's formal Customer Feedback Form.
5498	Please note that it is very difficult to 'teach' a computer how to identify tartans which are too similar to each other.
5499	Please note that lessons are all year round.
5500	Please note that, on their own, PA/carer tickets are not entitled to any benefits normally associated with a season ticket.
5501	Please note that prescribed person status does not confer additional investigatory powers on that person beyond those in place for the exercise of their core functions.
5502	Please note that this kind of rate is not age-standardised and therefore does not adjust for possible confounding effects, such as the age structure of a population.
5503	Please note that you will be required to complete a 'Termination of Licence Form' and return it to the UEA Accommodation Office.
5504	Please note - the council is under no obligation to approve works to protected trees - each case will be judged on their individual merits.
5505	Please note these terms do not apply where the goods or services, which are the subject or your order are found to be faulty or defective, in which case you may rely on the rights available to you under the Consumer Rights Act 2015.
5506	Please note when we refer to Paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) we are describing to critical care for children and young people.
5507	• Please provide the names of any local community or business groups that have applied to your local authority to become a neighbourhood forum.
5508	Please put used kitchen towels in your rubbish.
5509	Please read the competence requirements for sponsors and applicants for sponsor approval in LR 8.6.7R – LR 8.6.
5510	Please read the RingoGo terms and conditions thoroughly when you register.
5511	Please read the terms and conditions carefully – all vouchers carry an expiry date.
5512	Please refer to our choosing the right university page for further information.
5513	Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you important Service information related to your account.
5514	Please remember that the Contractor Licence is there to help to protect you, the member, against any malpractice or breach of the licence by a contractor.
5515	Please remember to proof read your work as thoroughly as possible, before sending it to the tutors.
5516	Please see below for the latest news stories.
5517	Please select from jams & syrups below or choose to filter your options further.
5518	Please select the category ‘The personal information we hold on you’ and then the topic ‘Ask us to limit how we use your information’.
5519	Please select the number of adults you are booking.
5520	Please speak to the agent for more details.
5521	Please take care not to block the turning circle.
5522	Please (Text costs £3 + one standard network rate message).
5523	Please tick below if you would also like to receive our monthly research e-newsletter.
5524	Please use the A379 from the Torcross direction.
5525	Please use the attached form document (MS Word, 123KB) to check what you require for your check.
5526	Please use the drop down menu to find recent Waterwise research and reports.
5527	Please wait whilst your submission is being processed.
5528	Plenty of energetic shapes were cut and dance moves were thrown, the DJ spotted us in the.
5529	Plenty to go round and perfect for tasty left-overs.
5530	Plot 281 Four bedroom Detached for sale, Preston, PR3 5JEWe use cookies to ensure that you get the best online experience.
5531	Plug-in power is fast becoming a mainstream option for drivers alongside petrol and diesel, and EV popularity shows no sign of slowing.
5532	Plus they have new tiger, Simi, star of Prime Minister's Question Time; rescued from a Hamburg zoo.
5533	Plus, with one of our Task Rabbit, you could refresh your home for less than you'd expect.
5534	PN candidates seen in molecular hydrogen emission at 2.122 microns, but not visible in h-alpha or optical broadband images.
5535	Pod as a company have been efficient and easy to work with.
5536	• Points will be awarded for every retweet of an SCQF post.
5537	Police are currently reviewing how the initial report of this incident was dealt with.
5538	Police had put in place a cordon in Angel Hill and closed the road while they were on the scene.
5539	Police near the scene of the murder of Peter Wrighton in East Harling, Norfolk.
5540	Police Scotland state that he has been formally identified as 57-year-old Charles Mellor, who lived in the town.
5541	Policies in PPS5 should be applied, which could include the need to preserve in situ (and therefore impact on design of new build areas).
5542	Policy statement updated 8 May 2018.
5543	Political Theatre Project develops the political and ethical discussions of the previous term, as you research a political event or theme and devise and stage a new political play from scratch.
5544	Polworth also hopes to add John MacAskill, an ex-Clach player whose work commitments as a ghillie could have curtailed any move.
5545	Polymer £10 notes are due to be introduced from next year and £20 notes by 2020.
5546	Poppyscotland chose to use eTapestry to manage their fundraising activities because of its flexibility and affordability.
5547	Port Askaig is Islay's other ferry port, with connections to the mainland and to the islands of Jura and Colonsay.
5548	Portsoy is also known for its production of Portsoy marble, which was quarried nearby and much sought-after for interior design – even being used in the décor of the Palace of Versailles.
5549	Possibly one of the more unusual items on display at this museum is Athena, Florence’s pet owl.
5550	Postcode for the Gwersyllt side LL11 4AG.
5551	Post dated cheques are not accepted.
5552	Posters have been put up in the area.
5553	Pour the pumpkin filling into the pastry case and bake in oven for about 45 minutes until the filling has set.
5554	Poverty impacts on rights and that can affect you here in this country also.”
5555	Powell, though he had his admirers in the party, including Margaret Thatcher, was hung out to dry by Ted Heath and ended up traversing the unpromising terrain of Ulster Unionist politics.
5556	Powerday DAF LF on Hyva Tip-Ex Stand28-05-2015, DAF Trucks UKLondon-based waste specialist takes first Euro-6 DAF LF skip chassis.
5557	Powered by a formidable 3.0-litre V6 engine, it can take on tough terrain and bolt quickly down the motorway.
5558	Power Steering, Drivers Airbag, Remote Central Locking, Sliding Side Door, Radio CD Player, Wood Lined Cargo Area, Hill assist, Roof bars, Electronic Stability programme and a MOT Until 12/10/2018.
5559	Practical assessment and written coursework.
5560	Practical outdoor demonstrations will take place in the session.
5561	Pre-booking’s recommended for this museum to be found in the terraced house that used to be the Founding Father’s home when he lived in London from 1757-75.
5562	PREDICTION: Renault haven’t confirmed yet whether the R-Space will go into production but its design probably hints at Renault’s future cars with a mono-space architecture, a dynamic, flowing silhouette and a versatile interior space.
5563	“preferably use hand tools or low speed tools equipped, if necessary, with an appropriate dust extraction facility.
5564	Pre-fill with medication and set up to 6 daily alarms for medication time.
5565	Pre-heat the oven to 180°C/Fan 160°C/Gas 4. Grease two 20 cm (8 in) deep sandwich tins then line the base of each tin with baking parchment.
5566	Premium courses carry different tuition fees.
5567	Premiums on life insurance policies.
5568	Preparations are almost complete for Cookham’s biggest festival of the year, which is set to take place on Saturday.
5569	Presented in a mushroom colourway, the pair's uppers are made from soft suede and the brand's iconic Formstripe is stitched onto each sidewall.
5570	President Armando Guebuza on 1 March called on all those involved in the administration of justice "to struggle more vigorously against insecurity and crime", so that the criminals "are put on the defensive".
5571	President Guebuza's host, Finnish President Tarya Halonen, was also enthusiastic about Obama, but pointed out he had come to power at a time of financial turmoil, and when the United States was still bogged down in Iraq.
5572	President Macron will be an empty, albeit telegenic, suit.
5573	Previously there was two Lib Dems and one Labour.
5574	Previously, the teams were more integrated, whereas now I’m building out a much bigger digital team.
5575	Price: £579 per person based on 2 adults and 2 children sharing, includes a 22kg baggage allowance and return transfers.
5576	Price exc vat was £20880.13 and vat on this purchase was £4165.04. do I still fill out boxes 1 and 6 as I normally would, the vat on the purchase in box 4, and the figure exc vat in box 7?
5577	Prices and choice - A review of Benchmark Garden Furniture by Simon knight No prices on website-they seem to have a very limited choice of furniture.
5578	Prices are £5.75 for the standard cup and £7.75 for the glass version.
5579	Prices can often vary significantly between traders.
5580	Prices dependent on circumstances, with discounts applying to multiple dogs and frequent visitors.
5581	Pricing and the exact release dates have not been announced yet, but with the Jaguar F-Pace starting at around £35,000 there is a chance the I-Pace may actually be affordable too - for a Jag.
5582	Primary school pupils take to the streets to spread the message that '20 is plenty' - sthelens.
5583	Prime Minister Ali said this takes the form of scholarships which will allow more Mozambicans to be trained in Chinese institutions.
5584	Print a copy of the conversion and include it with your bank documents.
5585	Printing Companies Hanham, Bristol - Welcome to the directory of Hanham Printing Companies and printing services in Hanham.
5586	Print out in colour or black and white to colour in.
5587	Prior to his current position he has been responsible for Prevention and Protection Policy and also Operational Training and People Development.
5588	Prior to joining NCVO, Amy most recently worked in the research team primarily developing and evaluating educational programmes at an education communications agency.
5589	Prior to the micro surfacing residents will receive further notification from our specialist contractor, providing additional information detailing exactly when and how these works will be carried out.
5590	Prisons were built to totally prohibit contact between prisoners, who wore masks when moved around the prison and were placed in individual booths, or ‘coffins’, when attending chapel.
5591	Privacy and data protection: We want to be able to protect our data and privacy online.
5592	Privacy Notice : The sale Ankle Boots,Boat Shoes and more shoes and other fashion brands are sold,all in:gibbonscycles.
5593	Privacy Policy and Data Protection This website places cookies on your device to help us improve our service to you.
5594	Probably did best by being at home, going out at xmas is a costly exercise.
5595	Producing curved on plan units is a challenge, as great technical skill is required to control the forming tolerance in both the frame and the glass.
5596	Products and services: plumbing repairs and installat.
5597	Professional independent inventory services for private landlords, developers & agents.
5598	Professional Portfolio 1 Your portfolio is central to the professional doctorate.
5599	Professional Property Inventory Services in London & Surrey.
5600	Professor Anton Muscatelli, principal and vice-chancellor of the University of Glasgow, said: “An initial financial envelope of around £430 million will be spent over the next five years on the first phase of the project.
5601	Professor of Anaesthetics, Intensive Care and Pain Medicine.
5602	Professor of Metabolic Medicine.
5603	Professor Robin Hambleton, Professor of City Leadership at UWE Bristol, also co-author of the policy briefing, added: “The idea of introducing directly elected mayors to lead cities is an international trend that is clearly on the rise.
5604	Programme Leader for BA Drama, Applied Theatre & Performance -
5605	Progression Bursaries are offered to students progressing within the College from a Level 3 programme on to a full-time Higher Education programme.
5606	Progression opportunities offered can be into a wider-ranging technical support role, or indeed within finance/IT support so my client is keen to encourage applicants from differing backgrounds that have financial services industry experience.
5607	Progress is tracked annually through the Collaboration Index Survey, run by Deloitte.
5608	Progress the opportunities for developing the Public Health Agreements for Care of the Homeless and continue to encourage GPs to sign up in targeted areas where there is higher levels of homelessness.
5609	Project your voice and keep a steady pace as you speak – do not speak too fast.
5610	Prompt repayment of the deposit money.
5611	“Proms in the Park is an incredibly popular event, welcoming audiences of up to 2,000 people each year.
5612	Properly used and maintained, the automatic system, with its fast response in detecting a fire, can be a significant factor in reducing the risk to life and limiting damage to your property.
5613	Proper management of an online store can massively increase your revenue.
5614	Properties on Bazley Square typically have values around £150,000 - £200,000, with larger terraced houses and townhouses valued at around £200,000.
5615	Properties on Broad Oak typically have values around £250,000 - £350,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £400,000.
5616	Properties on Caters Close typically have values around £150,000 - £250,000, ranging upwards of £250,000 for larger semi-detached houses.
5617	Properties on Dirker Drive typically have values around £150,000 - £200,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £200,000.
5618	Properties on East Lane typically have values around £400,000 - £500,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £500,000.
5619	Properties on East View typically have values around £200,000 - £250,000, with larger terraced houses and townhouses valued at around £250,000.
5620	Properties on Lilian Close typically have values around £250,000 - £300,000, but larger detached houses can command upwards of £300,000.
5621	Properties with Japanese Knotweed are really hard to buy and sell, because mortgage lenders generally won’t lend on a property if the survey reveals that it’s growing.
5622	Property can be defined as an economic construct and may best be explained through Fanon’s words, in relation to its colonial context, as “inequality and the immense difference of ways of life never come to mask the human realities.
5623	Property Inventory Solutions is a professional inventory company offering a full inventory compiling and a check in/check out service for estate agents/letting agents and landlords.
5624	Proposed changes to prescribing in Croydon to reduce the prescribing of gluten-free foods, vitamin D for maintenance, baby milk and self-care medications.
5625	Proposed pension changes:- Tax-free or not tax-free – that is the question…
5626	Prostate cancer can cause the prostate gland to become hard and bumpy.
5627	PRO-TEC 500: Robust professional office chair for non-stop use The PRO-TEC 500 provides all the features you want from a comfortable modern office chair.
5628	Protect music venues from closure.
5629	Proven reoffending rates are significantly higher among offenders who are homeless at the time of imprisonment and there are similar disparities in relation to issues of drug-taking, levels of literacy and employability.
5630	Provide greater privacy for inpatients who attend the CT scanning unit.
5631	Provides a platform for monitoring the performance of web and mobile applications.
5632	Providing our customers with good, old fashioned, honest advice.
5633	Providing young Springers are given enough daily exercise and fed the right amounts of good quality food to suit their needs, they don't tend to put on weight.
5634	PRS for Music is the home of PRS and MCPS, representing the rights of over 100,000 members in the UK.
5635	Psychiatric Liaison for Older People at Hillingdon Hospital provides mental health assessment and treatment for older people who are inpatients at the hospital.
5636	Public opinion research for the report suggests that most voters had a positive view of the electoral process and were confident that the election was well-run (86%).
5637	Public Policy Europe Seminar: is the Eurozone fit for purpose?
5638	Public private distrust: there are negative legacies relating to adversarial models of contracting.
5639	Published guidance to support the implementation of local payment rules covering mental health for 2017/18 and 2018/19.
5640	Published in 1920 The Mysterious Affair at Styles was also Poirot’s debut.
5641	Published on Friday, 1st May 2015People from across Worcestershire and the surrounding area are bracing themselves for what is tipped to be one of the biggest events in the cycling race calendar.
5642	Publishers are also trying to reduce risk and overheads wherever possible, which explains why virtually all our new clients opt for our cloud-based offering, as opposed to hosting the software in their own offices.
5643	Publishes 'In and Around Covent Garden' magazine which is sent to every residential address in WC2 and to businesses in and around Covent Garden.
5644	Pupils who stay until 6pm will be charged a further £8.50, which will include supper.
5645	Purposes and public benefit toolkit is a helpful resource providing practical guidance on the construction of charitable purposes and a checklist for reviewing your organisation’s purposes.
5646	Put experiences in context: We all have mental health, just like we all have physical health.
5647	"Put it all back in and it should grow and pay off.
5648	Putting his left finger into the side of the baby’s mouth Graeme was able to hold onto the object and gently remove it, being careful not to push it any further down – it was a three-inch cheese string, which had caused the obstruction.
5649	PwC gets a top score for opportunities to learn and grow (a 70% positive result) and last year it spent £22m on training for its 15,919 people — about £1,400 a head.
5650	PwC performed a benchmarking exercise on 30 June 2017.
5651	P Workman is a dental surgeon offering various oral health care services.
5652	Pyrenees Atlantiques is the best travel destination for all seasons.
5653	Q140: Someone has attacked me because of my race, what can I do?
5654	Q2 2013 saw a new record in company registrations in Guildford when compared to any previous Q2.
5655	Q4 2012 saw a new record in company registrations in Chelmsford when compared to any previous Q4.
5656	Q: How can we treat this type of genetic metabolic disorder?
5657	Q: How do autoimmune diseases develop?
5658	Q. Is it a satisfying job, and do you receive feedback from customers?
5659	Qmonos™ is so strong that just a 1cm diameter web would be strong enough to stop a jumbo jet during take off or landing.
5660	Q My client has carpal tunnel syndrome, is there anything I can do?
5661	Q. Thank you for the reply to my question 06/17.
5662	Qualifications/ Languages The ideal candidate with preferably have a first or second degree class degree in Industrial Relations, Human Resources, Business Administration, Management, or Psychology.
5663	Quality mattresses, the finest linen and duvets, luxury towels and bathrobes are a feature of in all the bedrooms.
5664	Quality to price ratio they are some of the best value wines on the shelves.
5665	Quantum of the Seas and sister ship Anthem of the Seas position themselves as Smart ships and are part of a new class called Quantum class.
5666	Questions from the floor came from engineers and scientists from many different companies including Boeing, Atkins, BAE Systems and Rolls Royce.
5667	Quick and easy to use, Tron has been designed by architects to withstand up to 30kg!
5668	Quickly receive calls from prospective buyers.
5669	Quick turn round by experienced qualified technicians.
5670	Quiet space for families who may have members who are on the autistic spectrum.
5671	Quite apart from the danger of defusing the bombs, just getting to them was a risk, as Chris was a sitting target for snipers.
5672	Quite a tall waterfall, considering the size of the stream.
5673	‘Quite honestly, it was such a relief not to be hugely pregnant at this royal wedding that it was a joy to be able to choose anything I wanted to wear,’ she tells the Evening Standard.
5674	QUIZ - Can you name these autumn scenes in Lancashire?
5675	Quote advantage card at the time of booking to receive discount.
5676	Q What are the ways in which the Alde Valley Suffolk Family History Group like to help fellow family historians?
5677	Q: What happens when cancer cells enter the lymphatic vessels?
5678	Rachel Hutchins, who died aged 30, four months after being diagnosed with lung cancer in March 2015, set her heart on becoming an artist while a student at Broadland High School.
5679	Rachel Saunders, Education Director at Business in the Community speaks of the success of business partnering with schools.
5680	Railston Shop Equipment sells Modular Shop Shelving.
5681	Raks Bridal is headed by Rakhee Mathroo who has over twelve years of experience with Asian Make Up Artist Facebook in Highgate.
5682	Raleigh then uses this information to compile reports and to help us improve our website, products and services.
5683	Ramsey AS fished the Elm at Decoy which saw Pete Holland on peg 18 take first place with a very good net of 103lb.
5684	Rana Pratap Yadav, Sunil Kumar, and S. V. Kulkarni, “Design of the 1.5MW ultra-wideband 3dB high power hybrid coupler for ICRF heating in fusion grade reactor”, Review of Scientific Instruments, 87, 014703 (2016).
5685	Rapid review for NICE: long term use of non-tobacco nicotine containing products in individuals who have quit smoking abruptly.
5686	Raymond Williams’ seminal exploration of the history of meaning of some of the most important words in the English language.
5687	Reach a decision on SEEC’s advice to Government about the future of an RDA in the South East.
5688	Reacting to today’s announcement that the Care Quality Commission has rated services at Newham University Hospital as inadequate, councillor Clive Furness,.
5689	Read all of the Daily Echo's match reports from Saints' return to the Premier League after seven seasons away.
5690	Read Going Red across Coventry to raise awareness of HIV…
5691	Reading has a positive impact on health and wellbeing.
5692	Read on, and we’ll talk about some of the packages you can get from BT.
5693	Read our advice on shared parental leave, flexible working options and more.
5694	Read our guidance for providers on whistleblowing.
5695	Read the Press and every day there are stories about companies that are going through change because their customers have abandoned them.
5696	Read the response in fullThe Government has no plans to introduce a tax on sugar-sweetened beverages.
5697	Ready made curtains by The Mill Shop.
5698	Reality Check: I do not believe for one moment that UK associations are setting aside 10% of their annual budget to fund innovation.
5699	« Reasons for having Breast Reduction SurgeryBenefits of Breast Reduction »
5700	Reboot is our digital project in collaboration with the Good Things Foundation and Mind, aimed at ensuring people experiencing homelessness can access all the opportunities that are available in the digital world.
5701	Recart does that at the same time for abandoned cart.
5702	Recent figures reported to the HSE and local authorities show that between 2-7 window cleaners have been killed each year in Great Britain and about 20-30 suffer major injuries as a result of falling from ladders.
5703	Recently, Iceland announced it will eradicate plastic packaging on own-brand products within five years.
5704	Recently I have concentrated on writing notes for the first and second year Algebra courses at Oxford.
5705	Recently stayed here for my best friends wedding and WOW what a stunning place.
5706	Recently we went out to Inkberrow First School to help them explore WWII in Worcestershire as part of their topic.
5707	Recent US data, particularly consumer confidence and spending, have been very strong, and a US rate rise this month is now fully priced in.
5708	Records were audited to check the early warning system for deteriorating patients was carried out correctly and information about patients’ medicines was accurately recorded.
5709	Reculver Country Park is a unique place combining undeveloped coast, historic buildings and wildlife interest.
5710	‘Redeemer who bore the burdens of his people’
5711	Red Funnel will use its best endeavour's to contact purchasers either by phone, email or in writing (using the details provided at the time of ordering) to request that tickets are returned.
5712	Red ruffed lemurs are listed by the IUCN Red List as critically endangered in the world.
5713	Reduced offers may be offered to those taking part in the Access To Birmingham (A2B) Scheme and to those with an Extended Project Qualification.
5714	Reece added: “My uncle played when I was very young, so I was always in ice rink growing up, watching Flyers from a very young age, and was always on the ice after games.”
5715	Reeks believed that the divine is a representation of Moses holding the stone tablets from the Mount Sinai.
5716	Referral to a speciality - see Speciality Services below.
5717	‘Reflex’ foam seat cushions are supported by coil springs combined with sprung front edge – ensuring lasting comfort.
5718	Refresh yourselves in our popular Riverside Tea Room, enjoy the picnic area by the River Evenlode.
5719	Refuse to be taken to the bank to withdraw money - if you ever feel intimidated by them, close the door and call the police.
5720	Regardless of subject, Dick begins each project with drawings, then creates a model fashioned from Plasticine or alabaster.
5721	Regional ITF inspector Paul Keenan said the three crew who flew home were under pressure from their families to leave.
5722	Registered charities, which use premises for charitable purposes, are generally entitled to 80% relief from rates.
5723	Registration of births and deaths on Tuesdays and Thursdays by appointment - private room available.
5724	Regular maintenance of your CCTV system will help to prevent any faults from developing but in case of any problems with your CCTV installation then, with 90 years behind us, the Chapmans repair service is second to none.
5725	Regulation of inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptors by cAMP independent of cAMP dependent protein kinase.
5726	Regulations are included on our application form.
5727	Relatives and carers told us they felt involved and informed.
5728	Relative to projection-based procedures, our method presents three advantages: (i) it weakly dominates in terms of finite sample power, (ii) it strictly dominates in terms of asymptotic power, and (iii) it is typically less computationally demanding.
5729	Relax in leather seats (model dependent) with an integrated memory system on the range-topping 'First edition' that keeps you poised for every journey.
5730	Relief is in sight for some tourists grounded in Bali, with Virgin and Jetstar set to resume flights from the holiday hotspot.
5731	Relist or delete multiple listings all at the same time!
5732	Rely on the expertise of the D&B Country Risk team, composed of seasoned economists, and the world’s largest commercial database to help you protect your company and seize new supplier opportunities before competitors.
5733	Remaining open and very playable all winter, there is no reason why you can’t get great value out of your membership.
5734	Remain relaxed with your shoulder blades and bottom against the back of the seat.
5735	Remember exchange rates change minute by minute, so to compare one company to another you need to do the comparisons in quick succession one after the other.
5736	Remember that money has to be used as intended by donors.
5737	Remember, though, that this will be at the expense of your time and – in all probability – your stress levels.”
5738	Remember too that your children are feeling their way in the digital world just like you, so keep an eye on what they’re doing, but make sure that you’re helping them along the way.
5739	Remember to recycle wherever you can.
5740	Remember, we always recommend using PayPal to protect both parties.
5741	Remove standard rose and replace with new light fitting supplied by customer.
5742	Remploy exists to improve the lives of disabled people and those with complex needs through the power of work.
5743	Renamo had demanded that the elections, won overwhelmingly by the ruling Frelimo Party, be annulled, but the Council pointed out that, according to the law, annulment must be made on a case by case basis, polling station by polling station.
5744	Renters' Rights Bill - anti-fees measure continues th.
5745	Renting becomes increasingly more popular as home ownership becomes more challengingHome ownership in England has dropped dramatically to its lowest level since the 1980's with youn.
5746	Repainted to all over red in May 2008 for City Sightseeing.
5747	Repeat flowering gorgeous fully-double violet purple blooms, pack full of fragrance.
5748	Replies to Steven Hemley>Actually, it is this approach that will make sure that a very capable cohort is not disadvantaged.
5749	Reports suggest that nasal cocolonization occurs rarely, but the resources required to sequence multiple colonies have precluded its large-scale investigation.
5750	Reputation and Brand Name: If you have earned good reputation, then getting a good value for your company is not that difficult a task because if not for anything else, buyers and investors will be interested in getting associated with the brand name.
5751	Requesting to arrange a second viewing before they leave is clearly a positive indicator.
5752	Resale values not as good as premium rivals'
5753	Rescued from battery farms, the feathered-friends have turned around the fortunes of Henley Green Community Centre, reduced anti-social behaviour and given local people a passion for eggs and animal husbandry.
5754	Research applications for the 2018 studentships must meet one of DAERA’s Postgraduate Studentship priority research areas for 2018.
5755	Research carried out in the UK and other countries has shown the benefits of various treatment methods for tinnitus.
5756	Research conducted by AAT this summer has shown that nine in ten (94%) 16–19-year-olds are worried about making career decisions.
5757	Researchers are also looking at the possible benefits of omega 3 fatty acids which are found in fish and may cut the risk of developing macular degeneration or slow its progression.
5758	Researchers at the University of Bristol studied the health of people who were deaf and those with no hearing impairments.
5759	Researchers have developed a new strategy to improve the outcome of genome-wide association (GWA) studies.
5760	Research: ‘Naturalistic Planting – is it a viable alternative for public landscape planting.’
5761	Research staff charged as directly incurred on more than one project will need to be supported by timesheets for some funders, e.g. Research Councils, European Commission.
5762	Research: vehicle dynamics, human-machine interaction.
5763	Residents of other countries outside the UK would need to contact their local Guarantee Funds or Compensation Schemes.
5764	Residue Direct to Children, which is suitable if you wish to leave your estate direct to your children.
5765	RESOLVED that the KCSP thank Mr for his briefing and note its contents.
5766	Resolver ensures the issue is simple to understand for the consumer and that the business gains feedback on the customer’s emotion throughout the process.
5767	Resorts are realigning themselves to lure skiers in, offering on-slope free wi-fi and moving away from the traditional rustic look preferred by the older afficionados, towards a more contemporary style.
5768	Resources and publications » APPG Final Report: Inquiry into the safeguarding of 'absent' children, 'It is good when someone cares'
5769	Respect, integrity, empowerment and teamwork are the guiding principles of The Savoy and there are recognition programmes and team-building events, from the all-colleague gala to competitions and daily briefings.
5770	Responding to the changing nature of work, some organisations use physical space to encourage people from different teams to communicate and collaborate more.
5771	Responsive, secure, flexible and fully customisable, Finalsite Learn scales to fit the needs of schools of all sizes.
5772	Rest assured, get insured.
5773	Rest assured that no one who cares about you will be comparing your marriage to their own or judging you from the outside.
5774	RESULTS: Nitrite levels were significantly higher in patients with cystic fibrosis than in normal subjects (median 1.93 microM compared with 0.33 microM).
5775	RESULTS: Norovirus infection was self-limited and resolved within 24 hours, with the subsequent development of anti-norovirus antibodies.
5776	Returning past a close mown roundel of cowslips in May.
5777	Revelatory nuggets like the LG G5â€™s modular design that lets you slot useful accessories into the base, and the Galaxy S7â€™s display that conserves battery by showing you important alerts without the need to constantly take your phone off standby.
5778	Revell Ward LLP is a firm of chartered accountants in Huddersfield.
5779	Reviewed on 14th May 2018We came for our 2 yr.
5780	Revising the human mutation rate: implications for understanding human evolution.
5781	Rhaeadr Isaf at Dolgoch Falls, with its distinctive double spout.
5782	Richard has worked with Cardiff University’s CPD Unit for many years, delivering a range of project management courses including the world-renowned PRINCE2® and MSP® accreditations.
5783	Richard Kauntze, chief executive of the British Council for Offices (BCO), is among those who have given their backing to the report.
5784	Richard's affinity with Finnish choral music will be well known to many in the Upper Valley and beyond and he included a song from a CD by Ensemble Norma, five young Finnish women who recently performed at Wainstalls Chapel alongside Enkelit.
5785	Richard trained with Deloitte Haskins & Sells before joining James Capel in 1987, where he was Head of Compliance / Company Secretary.
5786	Richbourge, Givenchy (in Flanders), then the badly planned Dardanelles and onto Egypt.
5787	Rich in history and culture Suffolk offers a number of historic sites including Sutton Hoo, the burial ground of the Anglo Saxon Kings, Orford Castle, the famous Keep of King Henry II and the picturesque Framlingham Castle.
5788	Rides and attractions included an acroflight, dodgems, waltzer, tea cup and saucer ride and everyone’s favourite – the big wheel.
5789	Riflemen command, drive, provide the gunners and dismount from these formidable armoured fighting vehicles.
5790	Right-click the sender's email address.
5791	Right outside the Windsor cast.
5792	Ring Stephen on 01235 510 307 for details.
5793	Rings which symbolise eternal love and togetherness.
5794	RIP Pete xxxxx and love to Marie and David.
5795	Rishton then finished just short on 223-7 from their 50 overs, Chris Lambert top scoring with his League best of 55.
5796	Risk assessments were in place for all clinical areas, equipment, activities, and outings.
5797	Rix and Dalla-Riva say their rationale is to offer simple food and at a decent price by making as much as possible in house.
5798	Road access needs more consideration.”
5799	Road closures and one way systems will kick in as and when needed and the key message is follow the signs and listen to the nice people.
5800	Road surfaces in many towns and cities are now being raised level with kerbs, thereby eliminating the assignment of particular space to be used by pedestrians or vehicles.
5801	Robert Mark Davies, 49, was arrested in 2014 and will appear in Cardiff Magistrates Court on 21 February.
5802	Rodent Proofing Your Home - Keep the Rodents Out of Your House"The price sharing community"
5803	Roger Clip-On Mics and roger Pens can work together in a network of up to 10 transmitters.
5804	Roger has a degree in business management, which, following a career in the corporate world, he has used to run various local businesses, specialising in property management.
5805	Rogue landlords will be investigated and action taken.
5806	Roll is controlled with an iron fist if you prod the PDDC Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control button, which stops the Turbo S leaning as much in the bends.
5807	Roses are the epitome of love, although the various colours do have further meanings - with red being the most passionate of course.
5808	Rosie's work concentrates on the treatment and epidemiology of uncomplicated malaria in pregnancy.
5809	Rotary Club members enjoyed a good humoured auction in the name of charity.
5810	Rough-legged Buzzard seen flying north over Fair Isle at 11:50 flew north over Sumburgh Head at 12:40.
5811	Routine surgery is easy to plan with the tissue arriving in good condition in a timely manner.
5812	Royal de Luxe is considered the world’s leading street theatre company.
5813	Royal Mews at Buckingham Palace is where you’ll get to see the magnificent state vehicles used by the Royal Family for coronations, state visits, royal weddings, the state opening of parliament and official engagements.
5814	RSPB response: Thank you for your review, I am sorry to hear about the gaps appearing in your box.
5815	Rule 3.7 ensures that where a claim is struck out for non-payment of a fee and the claimant applies to have the claim reinstated, the time allowed for payment of the fee does not expire before he has an opportunity to pay it.
5816	Rupert is a fine example of a pepper and salt stud dog he has a fine pedigree and is KC registered and has a clear BVA eye test.
5817	Rust occupies a greater volume than the original steel and therefore the expansion of the tie in the bed joint forces it to crack.
5818	Ryder Cup 2016 live score and updates on day two at HazeltineTEAM Europe fought back yesterday to make it 5-3 – here our colleague at Mirror Online, Hamish Mackay, brings you the latest from Saturday’s action.
5819	Sadler’s side continued to push for more goals, in what was a much-improved second-half performance.
5820	Sadly, disaster struck when the violent relationship she was in came to a head.
5821	Sadly missed by us all.
5822	Sadly some children do die and the decision to donate has provided some comfort to whole families, knowing their child went on to help others.
5823	Safeguarding people who are vulnerable and discriminated against or whom services find difficult to serve.
5824	Said to have derived its name from Prior Bolton of St. Bartholomew, Smithfield, being a rebus on his name (Noble, 109).
5825	Sailing ships and two steamers – Newlyn harbour, n.d.
5826	Sakr's research challenged widespread assumptions that Arab satellite television channels, especially Al-Jazeera, were bringing about change in Arab countries.
5827	Sales of Freeview Play TVs and set top boxes have already shown sharp increases since launch, with our accompanying advertising campaign making millions of consumers aware of the benefits the service can offer them.
5828	SAM Higgins propelled the Clarets into the third qualifying round with a supreme four-goal haul at Melbourne, Anthony Cook and Dave Rainford (2) adding further strikes as City recorded a heavy scoreline against their Combined Counties League opponents.
5829	Sam Tucker should be available for Sunday’s home match against eighth-placed Todmorden after being ruled out through illness last weekend.
5830	“Samuel Ward Academy Trust has also arranged for them to be supported by other senior leaders from neighbouring secondary schools within the trust.
5831	Sam Underhill suffered a toe tendon injury during Six Nations training, which ended his season.
5832	Sandra Welch, the Sailors’ Society’s deputy chief executive, took part in the event.
5833	Sapphire crystal front and back.
5834	Sarah Close is a singer-songwriter from the Isle of Wight.
5835	Sarah said, “I am delighted at being successfully awarded a Florence Nightingale Foundation/Council of Deans Leadership scholarship.
5836	Sarbjit's mother-in-law and brother-in-law were both convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
5837	“Saryna Key Damage repair Hail Oil 110ml” has been added to your basket.
5838	Saudi Arabia's Makkah Province is fast becoming one of the most attractive investment destinations in the Kingdom with major project rollouts.
5839	Save £10.00 per person off advertised rate if 4 or more share a car.
5840	Save an extra £100 per booking on long haul package holidays.
5841	Say goodbye to colours fading on your favourite garments.
5842	Says Cameron: “I asked a teacher about him and I was told he’d attacked a teacher before and he trashed a classroom.”
5843	Scams are increasingly sophisticated – but if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
5844	Scatter the feed on the soil’s surface below the trees or bushes according to the manufacturer’s instructions, covering an area equal to the spread of the branches – roughly the zone occupied by the roots.
5845	SCF urges immediate action to control numbers of geese.
5846	Schedule : From 09:00 on 4 June 2018 to 16:00 on 15 June 2018.8.73 miles from Soho.
5847	Schedule : From 21:00 on 30 May 2018 to 06:00 on 1 June 2018.4.25 miles from Bracknell.
5848	Scheme rationalisation Risk of data and knowledge loss.
5849	Science and Technology Facilities Council.
5850	Science, engineering and technology are at the heart of what we do.
5851	Scotland Made Easy can make it easy for YOU!
5852	Scotland's Secret Bunker is a truly remarkable and fascinating visitor attraction, a vast underground complex that remained secret until 1993 and which would have served as the seat of the country's government in the event of a nuclear war.
5853	Scotland’s team sees Commonwealth Games bronze medallist Mark Dry lead the field as he goes in search of his fourth straight Loughborough International title.
5854	Scotland TranServ, working on behalf of Transport Scotland will carry out the £800,000 overnight resurfacing of this section of the A75 from Wednesday until Sunday August 20.
5855	Scottish Epilepsy Initiative was founded in 2003 with the purpose of supporting the 54,000 people in Scotland who are living with epilepsy, as well as increasing awareness and understanding of the issues which may affect people with the disorder.
5856	Scout trim adds plastic cladding, roof rails and tinted windows, which brings a dash of SUV to the mix.
5857	Scroll down towards the bottom of the page and click to confirm your changes.
5858	Scrooge's Christmas Pension PlanThis site uses cookies.
5859	Search data can thus provide an alternative, real time source of data on migration intentions.
5860	Search Engine Optimization in Down - Get Your MobiThis website may use cookies.
5861	Search for free programmes near you to start getting involved with STEM.
5862	Search the Registered Competent Person database for an electrician in South Ockendon.
5863	Seasiders Kye Ruel breaks clear against Wroxham.
5864	Seasonal designs can be changed throughout the year and you can add and remove elements with minimal of fuss.
5865	Second hand Archives - GodshawThe latest addition to our pre-owned collection is this unusual sterling silver necklace set with turquoise and coral, RRP £30.
5866	Second in the same category was a newspaper based in Florida, and third was a Brazilian media organisation.
5867	Secondly, I should like to emphasise the important point that university work should be an education.
5868	Second, there is the problem of creating some symmetry of treatment in the manner in which their needs are met.
5869	Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act is piece of law (made back in the 1970s) which states that if you pay for something on a credit card, the card company is jointly liable if there is a problem.
5870	Section off the fringe part of your hair and style into a quiff.
5871	Section of poems by JK (1978).
5872	Security is a big deal for financial companies especially dealing with sensitive information, clients need the reassurance their information is being kept safe with a secure provider.
5873	Security is always top of our list.
5874	Security through two-factor authentication and data centre storage.
5875	Sedgefield lies 8 miles south of Durham City within the Tees Lowlands and is a market town with a historic village settlement at its core.
5876	See a special wish his daughter, Tarja, had for him this Christmas.
5877	See details of sold houses in and around Middlewich.
5878	See Dewan p.481 for listings of other copies elsewhere.
5879	See if your children can spot all the differences in the below images!
5880	Seeking to tackle the growing problem of sexual exploitation online.
5881	See Liberty's website for further details.
5882	Seema Kumari and Freddy WardHearst’s Seema Kumari talked us through a recent ‘back to basics’ project the company ran with its customer service team, prompted in the first instance by an awareness of the very large number of calls the team was receiving.
5883	Seems crazy and dangerous I know, eV move when used correctly, 3-betting light can be an incredibly.
5884	See our cost list on all our procedures.
5885	See the classic sights such as the Empire State Building, where we take in breathtaking panoramas from the observation deck.
5886	See the sights of the Capital of Culture from the saddle.
5887	See www.abingdon-drama-club.comThis email address is being protected from spambots.
5888	Segmenting should be done both before you launch campaigns and after the results of campaigns have been analysed.
5889	Select the table below and choose a year.
5890	Self-drive your way along the canals and enjoy making the most of the functional kitchen, which has a hob, oven and surprisingly large fridge.
5891	Sell things that are no longer any use to you.
5892	Send, receive and record applications and ensure that they are complete and comply with requirements.
5893	Sends real-time email or SMS notifications as soon as the malicious IP interacts with the network, thereby stopping attack attempts at the intrusion stage.
5894	SEO is a slow process and will take a few months before you start seeing results.
5895	Separate each entry with a comma (,) and no space as shown below.
5896	Separate sex toilets (no disabled access) on the basement level in the old Biofacility - but not currently in use.
5897	September 5th, 2017 1 September 2017 – Due date for Corporation Tax due for the year ended 30 November 2016.
5898	Seriously - an effective customer experience strategy can cost next to nothing to implement.
5899	Served as his own, unpaid Chancellor of the Exchequer when six others refused the office.
5900	Served on a statement wine box in elegant five star surroundings in Berkshire, you will indulge in an array of delights including carefully created cakes, warm scones and neat finger sandwiches.
5901	Service intervals for the new engine are quoted as 30,000 miles or two years, whichever occurs first.
5902	Services and parades were held all over Brighton and Hove today; this is a gallery of images from the service and parade at the War Memorial in The Steine.
5903	Services are now running between Liverpool Street and Bishop's Stortford, Stansted and Cambridge, however services will be subject to delay, cancellation and short notice alteration until further notice.
5904	Services sector rise puts UK economy on track for 0.5% growth in fourth quarter.
5905	Session 2.6 - What stops us taking action to keep children safe?
5906	Sessions are confidential.
5907	Sessions include physiological measurements, electrophoresis, ELISA analysis, microbiological culture and identification, antibiotic susceptibility testing, microscopy and field work, as well as quizzes and discussions.
5908	Set in 130.39 acres (52.77 ha) of pasture and arable land.
5909	Set in an idyllic location, Grannie's Heilan' Hame offers direct access to stunning Embo Beach and its white fine sand – you may even be lucky enough to spot dolphins and seals!
5910	Set in glorious rolling countryside, with 13 peaceful lakes, it’s perfect for quiet picnics, feeding the ducks and enjoying a spot of fishing.
5911	Set in the immediate aftermath of follows the Polish Balicki children’s search for safety as Europe is divided up and displaced people return to their homelands.
5912	Set on a steep hill ascending out of Scarborough, this rough acid pasture and scrub woodland nature reserve offers beautiful views across the town and over the sea.
5913	SETTING: Random sample of 5500 Oxfordshire residents aged 65 years and above.
5914	Set to a pulsating soundtrack of classic 70s hits including pop idols Donny Osmond, David Cassidy, Marc Bolan and many more, is a fun and feisty new show for anyone who remembers the 70s and will run on the Belgrade Main stage from Tues 15 – Sat 19 Mar.
5915	Set to come into force for relevant transfers and deaths on from 6 April 2017, the RNRB could mean that all but the largest estates are able to pass on their family home to their direct descendants.
5916	Set up a campaign and promote Hamsun’s books to every customer that buys Fante’s books because you know those customers have a propensity to purchase Hamsun’s works.
5917	Set up the Trustbadge® to send out review requests at a specified time after customers have received their items.
5918	Seven supercars will feature here, with the high-value headliners including a Ferrari F40, McLaren P1, McLaren F1, Jaguar XK120, Lamborghini Miura, Bentley 4 ½ Litre Blower and a Mercedes-Benz 300SL Gullwing.
5919	Several additional questions remain unresolved by the EU-UK December (Phase 1) and March (Transition) agreements.
5920	Several pieces of Iron Age 'c' pottery has been collected from the beach and upper foreshore here, but was not found in situ.
5921	Several stories are interwoven to make Exodus.
5922	Severity of liver disease in liver transplantation recipients with hepatitis C virus infection: relationship to genotype and level of viremia.
5923	SEX) when referring to specific fields.
5924	SEZs are the flashpoint, but land can be grabbed for many purposes—real estate hubs, factories, townships.
5925	Shading will impact the infrared heating, if an object impedes the infrared radiation, the intended target will not get warm.
5926	Shaped around its Buy Local Norfolk challenge, it would see consumers challenged to “buy local” for a week, whether on their weekly shop, getting a coffee on the way to work or organising some home improvements.
5927	Shaped like a piste ski, but don’t be fooled!
5928	Share your experience of Allan Waudby with thousands of people each day.
5929	Share your experience of Premier Preservations (Bradford) with thousands of people each day.
5930	Share your experiences and help build a directory of the best photographers in Bristol by adding a Cloud House Studios Bristol review.
5931	Sharing the problems and exploring thoughts and feelings can lead to a deeper understanding of your issues.
5932	She added: "It doesn't work.
5933	She also gained her Postgraduate Certificate in Teaching & Learning in Higher Education in 2012, currently teaches on final-year undergraduate and MSc modules, and has twice received nominations for a Keele Teaching Excellence Award.
5934	She also pointed out that claimants not represented by a trade union would be unlikely to have the necessary information to persuade a tribunal to make such an order.
5935	She asked the victim to sign blank cheques on the pretext that they were to pay bills.
5936	She'd always be shouting at me to calm down."
5937	She described a number of new processes which saw more communication by telephone rather than email between mental health teams regarding transferred patients.
5938	She encourages a collaborative and supportive community feel within the centre and local area, working together and promoting business growth.
5939	She has also collaborated with food-critic Giles Coren on the Supersizers series, where the duo power-ate their way through five centuries of lungs, livers and testicles.
5940	She has also worked alongside Transport Minister and Harrogate and Knaresborough MP Andrew Jones as a senior caseworker.
5941	She has experience of rent reviews, lease renewals and valuation of a variety of commercial buildings, including airfields, sports grounds and development sites as well as offices, industrial and retail premises.
5942	She has many years of experience teaching in schools in Basingstoke especially with the Hampshire Early Years Initiative.
5943	She has rental income of £60,000, repairs/insurance/prof fees of £15,000 and mortgage interest of £40,000.
5944	Sheila Clark’s Festive Workshops are taking place on November 28 and December 5 and 12, and bookings are being taken.
5945	She is 39. It really is a disease that doesn't discriminate.
5946	She is also the founding member of a British Psychological Society Working Group, providing guidance to other Psychologists in the field.
5947	She is always there to listen to any child's needs and she is very professional in what she is doing.
5948	She is a member of ILEX, a Fellow of The Institute of Paralegals, and is STEP affiliated.
5949	She is an international advisor and trainer, working with museums and galleries to develop their skills and experience for meeting the needs of disabled visitors.
5950	She is a senior business advisor within the accounts department, dealing with limited company accounts, management accounts, VAT and business plans.
5951	Shell will arrange the final Stakeholder meeting when the Decommissioning Programme is substantially complete so that a full overview of the proposed actions can be given.
5952	Shelpakov said he has heard Abramovich saying that the time has come to invest in team sports.
5953	She made sure she let us know about our new home as soon as it came on the market and helped us through the whole process.
5954	She might also benefit from a larger keyboard with high-visibility key tops.
5955	She moved to Devon in 1978 and now works at home.
5956	She noted that it was not currently included in the Corporate Plan but that it should be considered.
5957	She now works with organisations across the world.
5958	Sheriff did not send writ, to octave of Martinmas 1461.
5959	She said: "Do I have to tell them everything that he did to me so that he is told off?"
5960	She said “I had therapy when I was on EastEnders, not because I had any issues, but because I was so young when I started working there.
5961	She said: “I’m very pleased with myself for having that idea.
5962	She said the bank had been aware she had only taken the loan because she was anxious to try and manage her existing debts.
5963	She said: “The power of reading is that you’ll not only sponge up the language and grammar, but you’ll also have the opportunity to live someone else’s life, to enter different worlds, to escape.
5964	She said: “Today is a great demonstration of everyone working together to celebrate what is great about Barnstaple.”
5965	She said: “You can feel so much more motivated by seeing other women achieve amazing things.”
5966	She’s also mad about dolls’ house miniatures – but we try to make her keep that out of the blog.
5967	She soon discovers mysterious goings on in the dead of night and dark events taking place on the Cornish coast.
5968	She suddenly collapsed while at a hotel spa in the city.
5969	’ She then went on to state that the use of hair straighteners was not needed.
5970	She took another 300 acres from Hyde Park and employed Charles Bridgeman to produce a new design.
5971	She took on her role at the Holker Group after her father, Lord Cavendish, decided to retire after leading the group for more than 40 years.
5972	She was always available for advice and diligently assisted us with our preparation for the entire wedding weekend.
5973	She was a new mum too, and could empathise with what I was feeling – especially that need to be the perfect mum and do everything ‘right’.
5974	She was awarded the L'Oréal Fellowship for work on creating the next generation of superconductors.
5975	She was exiled in 1979 following the Iranian Islamic Revolution and now lives in the USA.
5976	She was given an unrealistically high chance of improvement of pain in the hip.
5977	She was keen to get stuck in and after a couple of days we were presented with a wonderfully magical and poetic script.”
5978	She was turning right in front of a parked car which had its offside headlight not working.
5979	She went above and beyond cooking healthy home-cooked food, planned fun trips out with the kids, walked the dogs for us and even invited cousins over for arts and craft which was way more than was expected of her.
5980	She went on to become a passionate member of the Women's Social and Political Union.
5981	She will continue to present all editions of Tonight, Britain’s most watched current affairs programme, and will extend her work on ITV’s investigative strand Exposure.
5982	She will make it her mission during her year in office to promote the Boston she knows and loves.
5983	She wins praise from the judiciary for being ‘meticulous in every way, very hard working and always anxious to assist the court’.
5984	“She wondered if people may have treated her more sympathetically if she had lost her hair because, unlike breast surgery, hair loss would have been a visible sign of her cancer treatment.”
5985	She works across the Council to reduce inequalities in Luton.
5986	Shipley News & Phones - Business Reviews - Shopping & Business - Shipley TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
5987	Shipwrecks are part of life in the remote village of Porthmorvoren, Cornwall.
5988	Shirley said the group is made up of a nice balance of "carers that are just starting that journey and others that are at the end, as well as those who are cared for."
5989	Shkodran Mustafi suffered a groin injury against the Hornets and had to be replaced.
5990	Shop for theatre tickets at ATG Tickets.
5991	Shoppers with heavy​ bags to carry.
5992	Shopping, packing, getting currency, insurance…the list goes on.
5993	"Shornemead Fort was built in the 1860s as part of a scheme to remodel the forward defences of the Thames to protect the river route to London.
5994	Shorter paths are wheelchair accessible in dry weather, but all the tracks can be muddy after rain.
5995	Shortlist Media Ltd and any associated promoters, bear no responsibility for any entry which is incorrectly submitted, lost, damaged, incomplete or received after the closing date.
5996	Should I buy a Cushion Set for my Tripp Trapp?
5997	Shovelhead is a unisex hairdresser providing various hair services and hair care items for men and women.
5998	Show a sense of urgency on behalf of customers and action requests quickly.
5999	Shown in Neptune Slate with Standard Settee in Neptune Silver on Dark Beech Feet with Fabric Facings and Scatter Cushions in Neptune Silver and Slate (Aquaclean fabrics).
6000	Show your Club membership card at conkers Visitor Centre to obtain discounted admission.
6001	Shrimpers striker Harris will come up against his former club for the first time since leaving The Den 12 months ago.
6002	Sidwell in particular needs to be replaced with an experienced head as it is well-documented he offers a lot off the pitch.
6003	Sightsee at a leisurely pace including the holy city of Amritsar.
6004	Signature Embroidery and Garment Print has become the choice of many organisations and individuals across the UK for personalised workwear and leisurewear.
6005	Signings like Borja Baston - who arrived for a record £15million fee - flopped, although Fernando Llorente did belatedly make his presence felt whilst proving a disruptive influence off the field as he angled for a January exit in 2017.
6006	Signs will direct you to the course which is approx 250m from the park entrance.
6007	Sign up to get involved.
6008	Sign up to the Leckie & Leckie blog to post comments about our posts and share your opinions with our teaching and learning community!
6009	Silver Welsh Dragon PinJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
6010	Silvestre De Sousa added: “I rode Communique last time out, when the ground went against him, and I was very happy when he came into this handicap with a low weight on his back.
6011	Simba also has an excellent pillow with a centre filled with nanotubes.
6012	Similarly, you’ll get free standard click & collect if this is more convenient for you.
6013	Simmer for 2 hours, add the wine and continue to cook for another hour, until very soft (testing if the bones come away easily).
6014	Simon Hills, BBA Executive Director of Prudential Capital and Risk, blogs about the Bank of England’s consultation on two different models for establishing Shari’ah compliant central bank liquidity facilities.
6015	Simply choose the Ads Blocked advanced segment once logged into Analytics and you’ll discover how many users are using ad block software.
6016	Simply put, InDesign 2.0 is the very best desktop publishing tool ever made.
6017	Simply put, there was not enough room inside the shoe to make the ITS Wedge viable at this point in time.
6018	Simply put, they are clean and smooth.
6019	Simply send your requirements over to us using the form on the right and we’ll get in touch straight away.
6020	Simply the Nordmann Fir is a needle holding tree.
6021	Since 1856 when cocaine had been isolated from the coca plant, the drug was widely used for its pain-killing properties.
6022	Since 1997 Arriva has developed a network of operations inmainland Europe to complement its successful UK bus and trainbusinesses.
6023	Since 2008 we have been investing in Centres of Research Excellence at leading UK universities.
6024	Since 2009 I have lost over seven stone and so climbing with others who are journeying to better health will be a way of connecting and building new friendships too.
6025	Since 2015 we’ve increased our supported residents by 39% and are one of the largest providers of care for residents funded by the Local Authority and NHS.
6026	Since divorce can stir up a lot of those experiences, we may try to shield our children by fixing the problem or trying to convince them that they really don't feel that way.
6027	Since February 2016, an educational facilitator had been supporting the ward team, working with the ward manager and focusing on leadership, support and staff engagement.
6028	Since HSTS only functions if a website has been called up at least once via a non-manipulatable HTTPS connection, it means that in principle each initial visit is vulnerable to SSL stripping attacks.
6029	"Since I have met H we have accessed a computer course together and she can now email me, its so nice to see her smiling and her confidence has really grown.
6030	Since its introduction, it has been the subject of much tinkering – rising from an initial level of £25k per annum right up to £500k, and most recently down again to £200k.
6031	Since I tweeted a link to this yesterday, David, it’s received a lot of attention on my timeline!
6032	Since January, when the operations began, Swaziland has exported over 160,000 tonnes of iron concentrate via Maputo to China.
6033	"Since Jason has taken on a full time position with us at Burgess Park he is developing into a highly capable gardener always eager to learn and is very enthusiastic in all that he does.
6034	Since most borrowing, bar the HRA, was undertaken through other local authorities it was unnecessary as it would not affect the cost of borrowing.
6035	Since no one was trumpeting such increases for the low paid, it seems reasonable to assume that the minimum wage will not hit £8.
6036	Since then, the technology has developed continuously and is therefore considered to be mature and safe.
6037	Since the telescope was built in 2007 scientists have identified over 200 previously unseen galaxy clusters.
6038	Since this new scheme started on Monday 1st October homeowners and businesses are now able to register to have their properties assessed for the "Green Deal".
6039	Since visiting Thailand last summer and volunteering with rescued Elephants, I like to create a sense of covert awareness within ranges of my work alongside using recycled materials.
6040	Singham’s headline claim that ‘there is no inherent reason why physical controls at the Irish border are needed after Brexit’ is essentially the expression of intention to enforce controls ‘behind the border’.
6041	Singing or walking in the rain?
6042	Single Bed And Mattress Complete.
6043	Single drainer stainless steel sink unit and vinyl floor covering.
6044	Sir William was awarded the Bronze Wolf by the World Scout Committee in 1985, “the highest award that can be made to a volunteer in World Scouting.”
6045	Sitting behind brick boundary walls, the house appears single storey from the street, with the basement housing a master suite, plant/utility, and guest accommodation/study, and the lower ground courtyard.
6046	Sitting literally inches from the ground, you’ll start out around our Stowe circuit - used by the top teams.
6047	Situated in Corve St, almost opposite Tesco where Hibiscus used to be.
6048	Situated in Cyncoed close to local amenities and good local transport links to the city centre it is ideal for families.
6049	Situated in the north east of Hampshire close to the Surrey border, Farnborough is a thriving town, probably best known for its association with aviation.
6050	Situated on the coast beside the B714.
6051	Situated within the popular village of West Huntspill is this substantial four bedroom detached house set within an enviable corner plot.
6052	Six of Derbyshire's best and brightest have been awarded medals in the annual New Year's Honours list.
6053	Sixt Car hire offers car hire right from when you land at Plaisance Mauritius.
6054	Sixteen-time Isle of Man TT winner Ian Hutchinson is on the verge of a sensational move to Honda Racing.
6055	Skin Care - Buy Skin Care Products at RegisJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
6056	Skye is Scotland’s second biggest island, but it is still only about 55 miles long and 15 or so across.
6057	Sky News weather expert Chris England said on Monday: "It will be miserable in much of the southeast with coastal gales and localised flooding, but it will get better this evening."
6058	Sky tested HD for three years before putting it into the market place.
6059	Slatted panels fix onto the FACE of the posts.
6060	Sleeps up to 6 - two bedrooms, two bathrooms, one en-suite.
6061	Slim sightlines maximise glass area.
6062	Slow delivery by outside parties makes project deadlines almost impossible to achieve.
6063	Small music venues may be on the decline throughout the UK, but on Tuesday night James Gillespie proved why they are still so valuable.
6064	Small numbers of are also evident at the moment - up to 14 are feeding in the large tree just north of the Queens Hotel in Lerwick, at least 5 are at Walls and 3 are at Baltasound, Unst.
6065	Smarter living made simple.
6066	SMART goal setting 101http://sbinformation.
6067	Smile in the knowledge that you have helped more kids make music in school.
6068	Smoke control legislation does not apply to garden bonfires, we do however try to discourage people from having garden bonfires which can cause serious nuisance to neighbouring properties.
6069	Smokers, few, were no problem at all.
6070	SMOKE was seen billowing into the skies when a huge blaze swept through the moors yesterday.
6071	Smoking is the biggest preventable cause.
6072	So 32 psi is a joyful medium.
6073	So a disposal made on the 6 April 2016 will not result in a tax bill until 31 January 2018.
6074	So, and yet, the stars aligned and OSU put a whooping on them on that night in early November of 2016.
6075	So a range of hybrid-powered 911s at various price and performance levels would fit the mission statement, even if some fans of the traditional 911 might not approve.
6076	So a solution that takes applicants not only to the agents door but puts them within earshot of the negotiator in seconds is where it is headed, a paradigm shift away from Generation 3 portals?
6077	Social shares of content have become an important factor in SEO.
6078	So come and participate in our networking event, meet some of our sponsors and judges, and network established and budding companies in Ely.
6079	So, definitely you see the value in doing something manually at first, because sometimes it takes even longer for you to get it all done in an automated way, than it is in a manual way, especially in the early days.
6080	So discretion being the better part of valour visits to Skipton were abandoned but not quickly enough for our German cousins to have formed an opinion about the quality of Skipton' lasses.
6081	So don't delay, book your LEGOLAND Holiday today from just £140 per family and start making memories that will last a lifetime!
6082	So far as I can see, however, the non- dependant deductions at the higher level have gone up from £10.85 to £13.50--a 25 per cent. increase.
6083	So far the intake is about 3,000 ultra-Orthodox, three-quarters of which are men.
6084	So for 25 years week in, week out, month in, month out, year in, year out, decade in, decade out—defeat, defeat, defeat.
6085	So for example, you’re saying “The project will be delivered” rather than “We will deliver the project.”
6086	Soft memory foam plus supportive EVA foot bed provides customized comfort.
6087	So get a good playlist going, chill the beers and summon the pizza guy.
6088	So glad thats all behind you skyflower and the news was good, although being left with the same symptoms can't be 'good' but you know what I mean?
6089	So how are you feeling this morning?
6090	So how do you balance motherhood with life as a working, touring musician?
6091	So, I am admitting defeat, I cannot do this alone.
6092	So I can announce that, at a cost to the Exchequer of £370 million, I will extend the rate holiday for small businesses for another year – to October 2012.’
6093	So, if you have an easy access account, you could set up a standing order to transfer money to this account each month as soon as you get paid, helping you save a certain amount each month.
6094	So, if your accountant runs the books, they can be 100% sure that they’re accurate, on time and providing the figures that are needed for deeper financial intelligence.
6095	So I hope that by combining all of these elements people will just be able to immerse themselves and perhaps feel like they can disappear into that beautiful, serene world that Vermeer creates in his paintings.
6096	So in this article we go!
6097	So it is great to see the projected export revenue and jobs growth reflected more broadly in our findings.
6098	So it’s thin and light but it also looks the part with Acer doing a great job of making it stylish and sleek.
6099	So, it used to be like call forwarding that was done manually by the freephone operators till the end of 1980s.
6100	So I've no doubt one day soon help will also be readily accepted.
6101	So I walked down Fish Dock Road and made my way to Consolidated Fisheries’ signing-on office where I signed on as bosun of the Crystal Palace (GY 593).
6102	So just because your boat fits under what’s normally the lowest bridge on the river, that doesn’t mean it will fit all of them.
6103	Solar tiles are now increasingly popular and often acceptable by the local council.
6104	Solid all week long, he even attacked repeatedly Nairo Quintana, winner of the event, on the mountain stage.
6105	Solid oak casket with laminated hardwood base.
6106	Some 20,000 homes were procured through the HCA's first delivery partner panel.
6107	Some 73% of Year 6 pupils reached the expected standard in writing in the Key Stage Two SATs results in 2016, just under the 74% nationally.
6108	Some arms were near a window, or a light.
6109	Some banks also allow you to manage your current account at the Post Office, so this is another option.
6110	Some billionaires, like Mikhail Fridman and German Khan, have taken up Israeli citizenship while still maintaining their primary residences in London and Moscow.
6111	Some business owners feel that saying “sorry” will look bad and damage their reputation as it implies full responsibility and taking blame.
6112	Some chain restaurants tried to assert their First Amendment rights in opposition to the city’s calorie law, arguing that they were effectively being forced to publish a government message.
6113	Some clinical areas were suboptimal, for example the paediatric high dependency unit (HDU) was not always used for its intended purpose and the paediatric ambulatory care unit did not provide a high quality experience for patients.
6114	Some concessions have been made as a result of earlier consultation.
6115	Some difficulty in finding a place to leave the car.
6116	Some eligible disabled or eligible service personnel and veterans may be permitted the addition of free off peak travel for a companion.
6117	Some farmers established their own interrogation centres on their farms where they tortured suspects to death with no one the wiser.
6118	Some few people who met us seemed to stare at us, struck, perhaps, by the singularity of our dress, or the peculiarity of our manner of travelling.
6119	Some haulage and bus companies also employ driving examiners to assess their lorry, bus or coach drivers.
6120	Some have clamps, others are ‘screw in’.
6121	Some HD services will be moved temporarily to accommodate these extra channels.
6122	Some issues do need persistent attention and sometimes even a police presence.
6123	Some more complicated pensions reforms may be shelved too, as attention turns to trade negotiations, while pension tax relief cuts are possible as the Treasury looks to make savings.
6124	Some of the issues raised through this consultation are already being tackled locally – for example through our Cyber Ambassadors in schools or the Commissioner’s funding for Hate Crime reporting centres.
6125	Some of the players who have left are doing well as well, with Sam Dalby, who I had at under 16s, Tristan Abrahams and Steven Alzate.
6126	Some of the provisions in the Bill apply across the UK while others apply in England, Wales and Scotland only.
6127	Some of this information may be special categories of personal data, such as health or care records, where these are relevant.
6128	Someone came to visit!
6129	Someone on a six-month tenancy, or waiting for a change in tenure because their household income has crept above £30,000, will not contribute the glue that makes social renewal possible.
6130	Someone that makes me laugh, a twinkle in his eye and a nice smile does it for me.
6131	Someone with autism might find bright colours distracting or be easily disturbed by loud noises.
6132	Some parents share childcare with friends, relatives and each other, whilst others balance it with kids’ clubs and family centres.
6133	Some people ask a family member or friend to be a surrogate.
6134	Some projects have been omitted from publication to avoid any risk to staff security or harm to our operations.
6135	Some residents have suggested that this scheme should be extended to include Richmond Road.
6136	Somerset were frustrated by John Simpson and the tail for long periods thereafter and had to wait 10 overs for their next breakthrough, which came when Paul van Meekeren removed Sowter (16) caught behind from an inside edge on to his pad.
6137	Some schools have gone for very visual versions whilst others have adopted the text approach with accompanying illustrative diagrams.
6138	Some scientists warn that the resulting avalanches and landslides could soon make Longyearbyen disappear.
6139	Something makes me doubt that, this time around, he’ll be asking her to do the “honourable” thing for those who voted her in as a UKIP councillor.
6140	Sometimes chemotherapy may be taken by mouth (‘orally’), but more often it is given by injection into a vein (‘intravenously’ or ‘IV’).
6141	Sometimes, injections are given using a syringe.
6142	“Sometimes it’s hard because you do get carried away in that sort of style of play, but the emphasis has to be just on ourselves.
6143	Sometimes it's hard to stay warm on a cold day without feeling clammy, but the moisture transport system works to wick sweat away from your body for quick evaporation; leaving you nice and dry.
6144	Sometimes your parents, the local authority, your school or college can look after your Personal Budget for you.
6145	Some university courses go further and list specific subjects and grades they expect you to have - so make sure you check directly with universities to find out their requirements.
6146	Some web page colour changes also impact on the toolbar.
6147	Some whole-class and whole-school interventions have shown promise but may take longer to show results.
6148	So my congratulations and genius of the week award to Mike Berry, who has turned the tables on the conmen behind the wealth of ‘I’m a Nigerian prince, let me help you make millions’ emails that try and scam people.
6149	So next time you're sat in one keep an eye out and offer it to other customers in need.
6150	Soon after midnight the Pier's electricity supply was lost and within minutes the decking between the pavilion and the shore had been washed away.
6151	So, our wedding co-ordinators are on hand throughout to help you plan and celebrate that special day.
6152	Sophie offers a wealth of knowledge and expertise in this field and will ensure issues are dealt with as quickly and efficiently as possible.
6153	Sorry, an error has occurred and your email could not be sent.
6154	So she called out, grabbed the child, created a huge scene and the kidnappers were captured and Madeleine ran free?
6155	So she has a very strong public look,’ says Jane.
6156	So somebody has to be the first.”
6157	So the common themes are to premium price your digital content, and experiment with digital platforms.
6158	So they call up various creative directors and ask if they have any briefs they can let them have.
6159	So they tweak the plot, glam it up by getting Keira Knightly to do the exposition and add some extra espionage in case the raw elements aren’t enough.
6160	So, this modern type of desk can be just what you need to boost your employees’ health and well-being.
6161	Source One created a variety of office designs for for their new offices, over 2 floors, in Bedfordshire.
6162	South Molton Community College have partnered with MJM Sports Bideford and have been supplied a new kit by the Bideford based sports company.
6163	South side from a point 61.5 metres north east of the extended north eastern kerbline junction with Bury New Road for a distance of 30 metres in an easterly direction.
6164	Southwark Playhouse’s return to London Bridge is part of a wider strategy for the area’s development, intended to strengthen it as a “leading destination” for culture, commerce and enterprise.
6165	“South West College offers skills, technician (GOLD) and higher level apprenticeships in engineering for school leavers, those wishing to up-skill and those seeking to get back into employment.
6166	Southwood is still only 35, very young to be a charity chair.
6167	Soviet officials say their new craft represents the transition from research to large-scale production activities in space.
6168	So wait a month or so and you are much more likely to have a seamless experience.
6169	So watch this space for the key points from the Autumn statement to see how they will affect you.
6170	So we may have to pray that an agreement crafted with the toxic mix of special interests, misguided economics and right-wing ideologies that produced the crisis can somehow produce a rescue plan that works – or whose failure doesn’t do too much damage.’
6171	So we needed to determine how likely it was that Mr and Mrs A would have opted for a term of less than 25 years, if they had been advised to have a repayment mortgage.
6172	So we've created insurance products for the health and care sectors.
6173	So we want to hear your voice and your views.
6174	So what if Northern Ireland stays in the single market or customs union under some sort of special arrangement?
6175	So what's the difference?
6176	So when you speak to one of our property advisers, don’t be surprised to find them as interested in your moving plans as they are in your sale.
6177	So whether you are passionate about the amount we waste as a society, where our food comes from, how we travel, using our energy more effectively or how we engage with the wider community on these issues, there is a group for you to join.
6178	So why does employing the services of a professional rental company make the difference?
6179	So why isn’t it called death insurance?
6180	So with that in mind Flackley Ash Hotel are offering those taking the “High Tea” in the lounge, conservatory or mature gardens of the hotel, throughout April, May and June, a free glass of bubbles to toast this festive occasion in honour of our Queen.
6181	So your answer of zero is extremely worrying.
6182	So you've gone for Plusnet broadband, and you've got a pretty new Hub Zero to get to grips with.
6183	S Pabari & Co is an accountancy firm which gives individuals and businesses a range of financial advice.
6184	Spacious detached house with no forwarding chain.
6185	Sparrow-sized but slim and with a long, deeply notched tail, the male has a black head, white collar and a drooping moustache.
6186	Speaking after the sentencing at Preston Crown Court, Mr Grunshaw praised the officers involved in the 11-month investigation that uncovered an organised network of criminals bringing the drugs into Lancashire.
6187	Speaking at the awards ceremony, Resolution chair Jo Edwards said: “It would be a cliché to say, “there can be only one winner.”
6188	Speaking exclusively to What Van? ahead of the launch of the programme, Simon Neill, sales director at the brand, said the decision to include used vehicles in the programme came about because he wants to do the best thing for the environment.
6189	Speaking in the House of Commons (November 2015), David Cameron paid tribute to Chris, saying he was “someone between a father and a brother to all of us", and "one of the most loyal, hard-working, dedicated public servants I have ever come across".
6190	Speaking of which, the Lakeside has taken over the small inn opposite and turned it into a modern, well-equipped venue for weddings and conferences.
6191	Speaking to The Courier, Elaine said: “There’s been a great reaction so far, which has been fantastic.
6192	Speak to a trusted adult if something worries you.
6193	Specialising in the delivery of construction projects to the education and healthcare sectors.
6194	Special issue on ‘Critiquing psychology: A reappraisal of The Social Construction of Lesbianism’.
6195	Specialists in customised branded clothng such as promotional wear, work and corporate wear through to equestrian wear.
6196	Special profile parapet and boundary wall gutters can be fabricated or pressed.
6197	Specs365 are an online Prescription Glasses retailer who supply premium quality Glasses at exceptional value for money.
6198	SPECTRUM RED is for older members aged 15-20.
6199	Speech and Drama classes for ages 5-18, Beckenham Events - Beckenham TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
6200	Speech is made up of many different frequencies and tones.
6201	Spend £5 at Kirkgate Market and park for two hours for just £3.60.
6202	Spend the Spring Bank Holiday relaxing at sea as Magellan cruises from Newcastle to the clear waters and long, sunlit days of the Baltic.
6203	Splashing around in water outdoors in sweltering weather with friends and family is the essence of summer hygge.
6204	Sponsored prizes and guest presenters added to the sense of occasion with members from all sections of the club being recognised.
6205	Sport England’s Director of Sport Phil Smith said: “We know that when life changes, activity habits can change too.
6206	Spreads start from 0.5pts on some major currency pairs.
6207	Spread Tow carbon has fewer interlacing points compared with standard 1K fibres, making thinner laminates more possible resulting in a claimed improved mechanical performance.
6208	Squeeze more speed from mid-point to exit and there’s gentle understeer to lean on, which is welcome, yet in tighter corners it’s happy to smoke its rear tyres with a big, progressive and easily held slide, which is more than welcome.
6209	SSSI unit is not being conserved and will not reach favourable condition unless there are changes to the site management or external pressures.
6210	Staff and governors should also note that there is no exemption for 'embarrassing' emails.
6211	Staff in the paediatric wards at Wishaw General are aiming to raise £3500 to help children with special educational needs.
6212	Staff lie, misdirect, and rescind and are inconsistent and rude.
6213	Staff must receive the support, training, professional development, supervision and appraisals that are necessary for them to carry out their role and responsibilities.
6214	Staff notice if your dental health could be getting worse and take steps to improve it.
6215	"Staff too busy chatting to serve customers"
6216	Staff we spoke with knew the vision and values of the trust and junior staff felt supported by their ward managers.
6217	Staff will be available to give directions and any help needed.
6218	Staff would receive recognition, in the form of a qualification, for the learning that they have undertaken since working for your organisation.
6219	Stagecoach Yorkshire - which operates buses across the area - tweeted that its service 90 from Barrow Hill to Chesterfield at 3.26pm ‘will not be operating due to the bus been soiled’.
6220	Stakeholder perceptions research conducted by Ipsos MORI.
6221	Stamford will put their faith in their rock-like defence and in-form goalkeeper Dan Haystead as they seek Premier Division football for the first time in three seasons.
6222	Standard Lead Time: When 'in stock' - Next working day delivery.
6223	Standard on all engines (except eD4), 4 Wheel Drive is intrinsic in Range Rover Evoque.
6224	Stand out in a crowd and make sure people remember you.
6225	Started to think I’d been imagining things.
6226	Starters include steak tartar and chicken casserole, with mains consisting of chicken, steak, pork and fish dishes.
6227	Start from anything massive, just like the setting, and ‘zoom’ into anything little, like the manifestation on your own persona’s encounter.
6228	Starting off life as an independent family run business in 1961, Pertemps has grown to become one of the largest providers of staffing solutions in the UK, owned and controlled by its own employees.
6229	Starting on Saturday morning and going until the early hours of Monday morning, the volcano can be seen spewing lava and pumping an ash cloud into the sky.
6230	Starting with a short book about Alan Turing in a series on The Great Philosophers (1997), Andrew has written further papers on the history and philosophy of computation.
6231	Start the day off with a Muller Light Strawberry yoghurt (89cals) and 25 blueberries (20cals).
6232	Start your 2017 off right by getting a glimpse of the year ahead for the motor trade industry.
6233	Statistically though, we are very much more likely to die in a car accident and I believe we should treat these dangers with the appropriate level of caution.
6234	Statistics showed how the number of accountants who had been offered a deal to retain their services had increased from one in eight in 2011 to one in four.
6235	Stay aware of your server's health even when you are away.
6236	Stayed here for a week for 2nd year running.
6237	Staying in your current home means you don’t have to move more than once, but unless you’re developing your current garden it may not be particularly convenient for site visits.
6238	Stay: You can rent the Longstone Cottage just beneath the stone from the National Trust.
6239	ST DAVID'S Hall will be transformed into a real life Jurassic World when Dinosaur World heads to Cardiff from April 29-30.
6240	Steel grades are 316 and 304. We normally supply our small diameter stainless tubing in metre lengths but it can be precision cut to your requirements; please call for details and tolerances.
6241	Stellato – who was jailed for 10 years in 1998 for arson with intent to endanger life – sent an image of an explosive to an associate, asking: “If I add shrapnel will it do a hole in a house?”
6242	Step 3: Continue to iterate your manual campaign for keywords and bids.
6243	Step 4 - Mortgage Offer You will receive your Mortgage Offer which gives full details of the offer of the loan and any terms / special conditions that apply.
6244	Stephan Lichtsteiner and Ricardo Rodríguez provide quality from the full-back position and it’s hard to pick too many faults in this team which means that the 8/5 about a win with BetVictor free bet looks just the ticket.
6245	Steph hit some huge threes, brought the game open for us.
6246	Step to the Top.
6247	Sterling tracked upwards against the dollar over the course of the quarter, aided in part by progress in Brexit negotiations, as a transition deal was agreed.
6248	Steve Webb replied that during the 2010/11 winter season, it is estimated that cold weather payments amounting to £264.4 million was awarded to pensioners.
6249	Stiaan van Zyl gave a hint of the tremendous form he has been in the South African first-class competition when he joined Luke Wells in the middle.
6250	Stick to the paths; spoil heaps, scree slopes and quarry faces should not be climbed.
6251	Stiffness, pedalling efficiency and weight are the key factors for race performance, and they underpin every design choice on the CX Race.
6252	Still going to meetings?
6253	Still owned and run as a family business, we aim to offer the friendliness and flexibility of a "village" garage, with the cutting-edge facilities of a large main dealer.
6254	Still the best shower unit we have ever had.
6255	Stir in the brown sugar, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, chilli powder, onion, garlic and thyme.
6256	Stir in the Parmesan and butter until melted.
6257	St James the Greater, Leicester The most visible part of music making at St James' is the choir.
6258	St John Street bridge has been hit by lorries 87 times since 2009 - more than any other bridge in the West Midlands.
6259	St Merryn is the nearest village, 2 miles away.
6260	St Mungo’s High School has a wide range of facilities: a 20 metre swimming pool, games hall, dance studio, gym hall, all weather playing fields.
6261	Stoke Taxi Services - Travel & Transport - Businesses & ShopsDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
6262	Stonewall have produced posters which feature two people at work and says: ‘One is gay.
6263	Storage is often a problem in a bathroom, so scour the local free ads websites to try to find an old shelving unit or chest of drawers for bathroom storage.
6264	Storage is something everybody wants more of, regardless of which room.
6265	Strategic Planning Division – does the modification fit with the University’s strategic direction?
6266	STUDENT HOUSE - A four bedroom terraced property in a convenient position on Mill Road, Cambridge.
6267	Students from disadvantaged backgrounds are also much less likely to drop out of a Russell Group university than they are from other universities.
6268	Students from Market Rasen’s De Aston School have taken to the West End stage after reaching the national final of this year’s Performing Shakespeare competition.
6269	Students get a 20% discount on Airtime Plans, and you can spread the cost over 24 months, with O2 Refresh.
6270	Students have opportunities for UK and global placements that support skills development and career planning.
6271	Students in Intake B2 raised £1,867 for Essex Heartbeat and students in Intake B3 raised £1,121 for Noah’s Big Charity.
6272	Students in their 3rd year and have yet to decide whether to continue on to a 4th year must bear in mind that it is not possible to be added after the deadline should they decide not continue for a 4th year.
6273	Students often use the library or quiet working areas for private and independent study.
6274	Students should know that they have the choice to seek contraceptive advice and supplies from any GP practice, not just from their own GP.
6275	Students then understand why they need to gain the relevant knowledge, skills, attributes and behaviours; how they can do this and the impact on their future learning.
6276	Students took the opportunity to interview the Councillors and included them in their regular “Radio High FM” show, broadcast on Tempo FM every Friday at 4pm.
6277	Students who obtain such a loan will need to complete the full programme (they will not be able to switch to the PGDip route) or they may breach the terms of their loan agreement.
6278	Studies have found eating oily fish can lower blood pressure and reduce fat build-up in the arteries.
6279	Studies show that BV often occurs when vaginal pH levels increase, causing these symptoms.
6280	Studies show that what we eat can affect our vision.
6281	Studio Fury is a design and art direction studio based in west London.
6282	Studio is available to hire on an hourly or daily rate, which is all inclusive.
6283	Studying overseas can help to enhance essential skills such as independence, cross-cultural communication and cultural awareness which are all highly valued by employers and can help build a competitive CV.
6284	Subicular and dorsal CA1 hippocampal neurons react differently to environmental novelty.
6285	Subjects to be studied may include: the origins of Sikhism; fundamental beliefs in Sikhism; teachings of the Gurus and their applications, ie caste and dowry; women in Sikhism; Sikhism: adaptation and change in a new environment.
6286	Subsequently, in 2010, the Chancellor announced a proposed increase in member contributions of 3.2 percentage points, to be phased in progressively over three years from April 2012.
6287	Successful applicants who are EU residents will have their University and college fees paid but will not receive any maintenance stipend.
6288	Successful completion of one year at a recognised university in Thailand with a GPA of 2.5 or above in a relevant subject.
6289	“Successive Governments have acknowledged that more could be done to get the basics right for business.
6290	Such a ban would exclude alcohol advertisements.
6291	Such a comprehensive network means that CitySprint nationwide couriers can provide you with the same flexible, fast service all over the UK.
6292	Such a lovely cottage, good position, extremely clean and very comfortable, had everything you needed, wifi, sky tv, it really was a home from home.
6293	“Such a significant investment has provided homes that are fit now for an ageing population, and for years to come.
6294	Such changes have had a measurable effect on making the school a happier and safer place.
6295	Such termination shall be without prejudice to the rights of the parties in respect of any breach occurring prior to such termination.
6296	SUCO offer between £1,000 and £2,000 for up to 2 years but if you want to borrow up to £15,000, you have the choice to repay over 7 years if you wish.
6297	Suddenly everything goes Dickensian, and the streets of Milltown are transformed into a Quality Street advert.
6298	Sue Green, Fundraising and Volunteer Manager at the British Heart Foundation said, “The National Three Peaks is a fantastic challenge, very hard work, but a total achievement for the Leeds Building Society team ‘Hearts and Sole.’
6299	Sue Pryke will be on stand A51.
6300	Suggesting relevant products related to or complementary to the ones they’re purchasing is one way to do this.
6301	Suitable for ages 7-13, suggested materials donation £5.
6302	Suitable for hotels and leisure locations, this double door unit is designed for wall mounting, is most simple to install and comes with all fixings.
6303	Summary paper - Young people's views on the new EIP access standardsThis summary paper presents the findings from a research project funded by NHS England North, in to what children and young people think about the new waiting time and access.
6304	Summary: This case concerned the prosecution of the landlord of a woman who died of carbon monoxide poisoning caused by the use of a defective gas fire.
6305	Summer Saturdays for adults: Painting and drawing from life: Learn how to draw from observation, how to create preparation drawings and how to use findings to inform painting.
6306	Summer School Office staff will be online to talk to students from overseas who want to ask questions or learn more about study opportunities.
6307	Sunday’s event also allowed the Malton CIC to say thank you to the volunteer team of over 60 people who helped make the annual Food Lovers Festival such a success.
6308	Sunday was time to run up and down a few mountains.
6309	Sunset Cottage perches on a hillside with views over the Sound of Mull on the lovely Isle of Mull.
6310	Sunshine or snow, each weekend Yorkshire dispensing optician, Philip Howlett, can be found navigating his way through rugged terrain on his trusty Beta 250cc motorcycle.
6311	Superdrug Stores PLC on Mill Hill TownTalkDid you know you can add your Business for FREE?
6312	Super hosts who would happily go the extra mile if you need it.
6313	Super Sized Toilet SeatThis Bariatric super sized toilet seat is larger in diameter than conventional toilet seats.
6314	Supervisors often found themselves in clinical roles covering for staff vacancies or absences.
6315	Suppliers’ advertisements in newspapers and magazines must show prices for at least one applicable extended guarantee in clear, legible text beside displayed prices of home electric goods.
6316	Supported by cross-parliamentary MPs, the campaign highlights the crucial value of international students to the UK.
6317	Supporters and new members can always expect a warm welcome.
6318	Supporting CAP's advertising guidance on responsibility and problem gambling.
6319	Supt Clark is committed to exploring the needs, motivations, desires, skills and thought processes to assist her mentees in making real, lasting change and finding success and gratification in their chosen career paths.
6320	Surely it is better to pay overtime to willing workers than have to pay tax and national insurance for new starters.
6321	Surely one of them is the deep-rooted sense of community that binds the collegiate university together.
6322	Sure, wEEK yahoo fantasy football qb rankings week 7 7 RANKINGS : Quarterback Running back Wide receiver Tight end D/ST.
6323	Sure, you wonâ€™t get any money back, but by sharing your knowledge about a topic you can easily gain more engagement and further reach as their readers also become yours.
6324	Susan Wearme provides general health care to patients in the local area.
6325	Suspicious Wills: the rise of ‘want of knowledge and approval’ claims?
6326	• Swap every other alcoholic drink for a soft one – starting with your first drink.
6327	Swedish mother RENAMES her son to match her botched tattoo, after tattooist turns ‘Kevin’ into ‘Kelvin’
6328	Swindon has more roundabouts than any other town in England.
6329	Swivelling from outward to inward, view of a cube?
6330	Symantec discovered some groups were …
6331	Symphony and Laura Ashley have continued their partnership to expand their range of kitchens for the Laura Ashley Kitchen Collection.
6332	Synthetic overlays stabilise the foot and minimise the strain and torsion on the upper to provide more support than your average natural running shoe.
6333	TAG Active challenges players to test their own strategy, speed, agility and bravery, whilst promoting fun, fitness and competition.
6334	Take 1 capsule daily, preferably at meal times.
6335	Take a day trip to Granada and take a tour around the gorgeous Alhambra Palace, with its intricate decorations and stately gardens.
6336	Take advantage of this offer and enjoy a fantastic reduction on excellent quality waste bins from this website.
6337	Take a literary tour of the town from Jane Austen to John Fowles, stroll around the Museum or Town Mill, book a seat at the Marine Theater or take a fishing trip.
6338	Take a look at this list of the best Christmas days out for all the family, there’s something for everyone and what better way to share the Christmas cheer?
6339	Take a look online, or alternatively give the businesses a call, explain your situation, and find out whether or not they are accessible.
6340	Take a tour of the Ford Transit Custom!
6341	Take a walk through paradise in this statement playsuit.
6342	Take it seriously, even if you think you are at an early stage of the illness.
6343	Take long walks on the beach (there’s a handy outdoor shower and dog-drying area), birdwatch, paint – or write that book.
6344	Take one of the world's classic rail journeys on the Leeds-Settle-Carlisle Railway.
6345	Take the A40 to Abergavenny.
6346	Take the first step – if you think you are affected by ADHD, talk to someone you like and trust, like a teacher, relative, counsellor or friend.
6347	Take the road down through Cranham, and should you have a thirst in need of quenching turn left opposite the next footpath sign up towards the inviting Black Horse Inn.
6348	Take the third turning on your right into Howard Road and follow the road right around past the school and the property is situated on the left hand side opposite Plymstock School Playing Fields.
6349	Take ultimate control of your virtual reality experience with the Gear VR's first ever handheld controller.
6350	Taking care of your softest knits too, the Hotpoint WMXTF 942G.
6351	Taking positive, small steps towards building and strengthening our resilience can support a better working environment and positive outlook for everyone.
6352	Taking the towpath or short cut through the woods, dealing with pot holes and shooting across the tarmac has never been so simple.
6353	Taking to Twitter after Calum's audition, viewers couldn't help but notice the similarities between the two stars.
6354	Talk and talk with other friends who have started a small business and understand their lifestyle, the quality and consistency of their work and, importantly, how they get their work.
6355	Talking about the girl, he said, according to: "She was pretty messed up.
6356	Talking of which, we have to ask â€“ why did it take you this long to get around to recording your debut album?
6357	Talking water, and if a summer al fresco dip appeals, why not pop to Abbey Meadows outdoor pool for a refreshing swim.
6358	Talks about how the stretcher bearers have buried those killed and about how he spent the night with one of the victim's brothers, who was extremely upset.
6359	Talk to your website developer about the keywords in the site’s search engine optimisation.
6360	Tameside Council foster carers receive excellent training and support as well as an allowance.
6361	Taming traffic will be part of the project plan.
6362	Tanneries had to be on the outskirts of town as the main ingredient used in the process is urine.
6363	Tanvir Ahmed, our Senior Trainer, found feedback from the delegates to be very positive, saying they all “thoroughly enjoyed it” and found it “useful and refreshing”.
6364	Taormina’s star turn though is a Greek amphitheatre, known as 'Teatro Greco'.
6365	Targeting young people, aged 16 to 25 who are at risk of offending or are vulnerable or living unhealthy lifestyles, through the Fairbridge and Get Started programmes.
6366	Targets are to be put in place for line fault fixes too, with the majority of phone and broadband faults to be repaired within two working days.
6367	Tasteful decor, clean and comfortable beds.
6368	Taxi rank information Telford Central (TFC)Station Oakengates 01952 616161 Telford 01952 610808 Central Cars 01952 501050 Please refer to station operator.
6369	Tax Law Rewrite Project to end Get the most burning tax topics delivered to your email.
6370	Tayside Contracts supports the system of collective bargaining and believes in the principle of solving industrial relations issues by discussion and agreement.
6371	Teachers and group leaders are advised to carry out a preliminary visit in advance of their school trip.
6372	Teachers are educating nearly 94,000 more public sector primary school pupils, the Government's latest annual figures suggest.
6373	Teaching methods include • Lectures • Tutorials and coursework (including numerical tasks).
6374	Tea-making facilities are tucked away in a closet.
6375	Team as the l for anything gluten-free.
6376	Team building days are well suited to Rookery Hall Hotel with our extensive outdoor space and experienced event co-ordinators, we will help get your team off to a great start.
6377	Team it with a T-shirt and a pair of running shoes.
6378	Team Ivanka silent on whether she is revising her security disclosure form – as Democrats ask the FBI whether she engaged in 'deception' by failing to reveal foreign contacts by Jared and Don Jr.
6379	Team nights are on Friday 7 - 9pm.
6380	Team your look with aviator-inspired frames with rose gold and marble-effect detailing.
6381	Technology with heart.
6382	Tech over here.
6383	Telegraph – Forcing children to watch TV is now a punishment as iPad becomes ‘first screen’
6384	Telephone call from Jack Byruck – he couldn’t stop saying how absolutely perfect and wonderful everything was.
6385	Tell Aberdeen about your experience of BTI UK.
6386	Tell everyone that you were shortlisted or have won.
6387	Telling men to “man up” obviously won’t work, and neither will telling them to rethink their entire identity of manliness.
6388	Tell Nuneaton about your experience of Khalsa Newsagents.
6389	Tell our staff on arrival at a Halton Direct Link that you need to use the interpreter service.
6390	Tell Someone is a campaign created to raise awareness about Adult Support and Protection Act 2007.
6391	Tell us about your story.
6392	Tell us something good about the people you love!
6393	“Tell us why you have applied for this apprenticeship?”
6394	Tell your friends all about the award-winning natural beauty products on offer at L'Occitane.
6395	Te mattresses are old and lumpy and the cutlery and dishes had to be washed a number of times before use.
6396	Temporary traffic signals will be in operation on the roundabout during this work.
6397	“Tenants can also sign up to a free reminder service at to make sure their landlord or managing agent is carrying out their duties of getting an annual gas safety check.”
6398	Terrence Dufeal was jailed for almost three years.
6399	TERRI WELLAND Roger and all the Family would like to say a sincere thank you to all Relatives, Friends and Neighbours for their very kind expressions of sympathy, and donations received for Cancer Research U.K in memory of Terri.
6400	Tessa Munt (Wells) (LD): The critical thing, which the hon.
6401	Textbook, USB memory stick, stationery, uniform, kit.
6402	Thames Valley Police has obtained a closure order against a property in Slough.
6403	Thankfully that idea was shelved.
6404	Thankfully the Conservative leadership has been decided quickly and we can move forward with positivity and direction rather than coast due to uncertainty and indecision.
6405	Thanks also to Emilio who was always really happy and helpful.
6406	Thanks benji,i am seeing my neurologist this week.
6407	Thanks so much for organising my birthday treat – it’s been marvellous.”
6408	Thanks to Adam & the team for a superb job done & for emailing copies of photos & to the team for using my camera to take more photos of which some made me smile!
6409	“Thanks to SERC I won £350 for my business idea at the Federation of Small Businesses awards.
6410	Thanks to the loan funding, we were able to buy a new property nearby and move our service overnight, meaning the move didn’t impact our service users, a big priority for us.”
6411	Thanks to the new Tiguan Allspace’s ergonomic design, roomy interior and exceptional build quality, you cannot only see the space, but feel it too.
6412	Thank you for bearing with us!
6413	Thank you for getting me what I wanted, speedily, efficiently, professionally and with a nice friendly attitude towards my needs.
6414	Thank you for taking the time to leave us some feedback we really appreciate it.
6415	Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback.
6416	Thank you for your interest in Bailey, who is based at London (Harefield).
6417	Thank you so much for accommodating our needs as a family, from the moment we booked until we arrived and department.
6418	Thank you so much for being such a great help and source of advice throughout this process.
6419	"Thank you so much Wendy for steering us through the process.
6420	"Thank you so very much.
6421	Thank you to all of you who have taken time to reply and share words of wisdom and advice.
6422	That certainly can't be said about her Viagra-popping Dad, a loveable rogue who is determined to grow old disgracefully.
6423	That does not appear to explain why the more affluent parts of England are the more dangerous roads, according to these indicators.
6424	That fund may also be used to make contributions to or affiliate to a political party.
6425	That I did so when I was first assured.
6426	That is eveident from the wrong password messages when nothing has changed at my end.
6427	That isn't to say that cycling doesn't take place outside Cambridge but the challenges there are more about encouraging cycling uptake.
6428	That is reflected in the number of constituents from Edinburgh West, 177, who have signed the petition.
6429	That is, the way they operate needs to maximise the benefits for the organisation, for employees, and for the environment and society.
6430	That is why Adobe is proud to be a member of the Internet Watch Foundation.
6431	That is why I’m looking forward to hearing the ideas you can bring to the table.
6432	That Jaguars XJS will become a bona fide classic is beyond doubt.
6433	That led to mother and daughter becoming estranged, and years later, to Mrs Illott being left out of Mrs Jackson’s Will.
6434	That means conducting rigorous affordability assessments, for which they require access to complete and up-to-date credit data.
6435	That means you and your friends will be singing with over 5,000-8,000 other children!
6436	That memoir has now reached beyond the family circle as the book is on sale at several retail outlets in Pembrokeshire.
6437	That might sound like a lot of cash but remember the technician has to travel to the car then on to their next job.
6438	That moment when Jordan Davies proposes to Megan McKenna, but apparently Megan was not happy with his timing to do it on national TV!
6439	That night she attends an art exhibition to discover that portraits of her (taken by her college friend) have all been purchased by Christian.
6440	That pharmacist saved my life.
6441	That said, it is vital that members receive the necessary information to plan for their retirement and this is simply taking far too long.
6442	That said, its Northern latitude makes it a good deal cooler than more southern regions of the UK.
6443	That's a really prime spot."
6444	That's because Christmas 2017 is, apparently, set to be a celebration, nay a riot, of all things 1970s.
6445	That seems to be a common theme with this grouping.
6446	That's exactly what Shopify’s POS solution offers you, complete with an iPad application and all the hardware you need to get started.
6447	That’s great news Ros – thanks for posting your update.
6448	That should not be any kind of headache as the event’s prime location means that there are travel links galore in the surrounding area.
6449	That’s just in a few short hours.
6450	That’s sadly not true and it leaves many small businesses feeling discouraged.
6451	That’s the way speedway is.
6452	That's what someone else did and we will do in January!
6453	That’s where WRAS comes in.
6454	That's where you can help!
6455	That’s why at Campfire the first question on our creative brief is ‘How do we want the recipient to feel?’
6456	That’s why at the meeting of Full Council last week plans were proposed and approved to replace the six District Assemblies with nine new Town Councils.
6457	That’s why there are comprehensive safety arrangements in place to maintain high levels of public safety, whilst minimising any disruption.
6458	That's why we are introducing requirements for all large employers to publish their gender pay and bonus gaps data from April this year.'
6459	That's why we recommend that you start by filling in a ClearTalents profile - a free service that you can use to explain the practical issues you face.
6460	That’s why we’ve prepared this handy list of tips for new buy-to-let landlords: Tips for new buy-to-let landlords 1. Decide on a tenant type Don’t make the mistake of picking an investment property based on your domestic needs and preferences.
6461	That the Minutes of the meeting on 26 November 2015 be confirmed as a correct record of the meeting and the Chair be authorised to sign them.
6462	That the Outline Framework in appendix B be noted.
6463	That the proposed policy to allow the buy-back of leaseholder properties in Ledbury Towers (Bromyard House, House), which are currently the subject of structural investigations be noted.
6464	That was at a joint launch with Ferragamo’s Head of Womenswear, designer Fulvio Rigoni.
6465	That was often done by Sandra, as Lynn was otherwise occupied with grant paperwork and a part time job.
6466	That way you’re being honest and not trying to confuse your shopper.
6467	The 10-1 chance looked like he had just jumped in when cruising ominously into contention crossing the Melling Road under Davy Russell.
6468	The 10 people can be a mix of adults and children.
6469	The 12th Master Builder of the Year Awards, a nationwide search by the FMB to find the best builders in Britain, looked at the builders' technical ability together with their customer service skills.
6470	The 1906 event would appear to be the most notable September heatwave in observational records.
6471	The 2017/18 January to May League started scoring in GW22, the first game-week in which the second wildcard became available, so you would not have been penalised for your 20 point hit in GW22, because hits in the first scoring game-week don't count.
6472	The 206 was key to this, taking a market share of 3.65% – the highest-ever for a Peugeot model.
6473	The 20-year-old was recalled in place of Scott Grix, but admitted to being “disappointed” with his own performance.
6474	The 21st Century Singer: Masterclass Recital - Aldeburgh Festival 2018We use cookies on this website to improve how it works and how it’s used.
6475	The 2 Coxwain was driving and I was on the foredeck talking into camera and the Air Sea Rescue helicopter came alongside and dropped Michael Aspel onto the deck with the red book!
6476	The 33 year-old has made a very bold move and has jumped on the redhead bandwagon…
6477	The 3rd bedroom has twin beds that can be brought together to form a comfortable king size bed and is adjacent to the hallway bathroom.
6478	The 55-year-old returned to Loftus Road for a second stint as manager at the club in November 2016 but will now leave the hot seat.
6479	The 59-year-old said: "I am delighted to be nominated for the awards.
6480	The ABDO automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
6481	The ABI expects all its pension providers to comply with all principles within the Code that are relevant to their business, and only transact transfer business undertaken in compliance with the Code of Good Practice.
6482	The ability to choose your pathway in Branding, Typography and Editorial Design or Illustration enables you to graduate from the course a confident designer with a strong specialism.
6483	The Abingdon pupils tackled the spectacular and undulating course with strong team performances, winning the senior and junior races, and finishing second in the intermediate event.
6484	The above dress codes apply for Newmarket Nights and Summer Saturday Live at the Adnams July Course however we do recommend comfortable shoes.
6485	The Access Officer identified the need for more inclusive play equipment, the development of hard surfaces within open space to improve access and the use of the Access Group to help develop accessibility.
6486	The accommodation project was completed on time and under budget.
6487	The account would pay a flat 2 per cent rate for all customers, instead of the current tiered interest, depending on how much cash is kept on deposit.
6488	The accused entered the dock with his brown hair in a bob style and black nail varnish on his fingers.
6489	The AC explained that there was an up to date position in terms of the disaster recovery (as the Internal Audit Report provides a historical position) and he would circulate the update to Members.
6490	The acoustics of the hall were very good, it was not overpoweringly loud.
6491	The acquisition enhances Data8’s footprint in the financial, utility and medical industries and as part of the expansion, Box Data’s Managing Director, Andrew Wood joins the Business Development Team at Data8.
6492	The acquisition of scanning and data capture service experts, Capital Capture Ltd.
6493	The actress is returning as Rosie Webster - five years after leaving Weatherfield.
6494	The Adam ROCKS AIR is a car inspired by parkour athletes.
6495	The ADC11AU is useful for converting older analogue audio sources into a suitable digital signal for use with latest AV amplifiers.
6496	The added drama of the gown's detachable train will just add to its appeal.
6497	The additional legacy of the games is something that we look forward to seeing over the years as well as the economic impact on small businesses throughout the country.
6498	The adoptive family that suited Summer were confident adopters with previous experience of caring for children.
6499	The adult library is on the ground floor and the children's library and Learning Centre is in the basement.
6500	The advanced course was the icing on the cake.
6501	The Advanced Practice semester will be assessed via a report and presentation about your internship, study abroad or research group activities.
6502	The advantage of a civil sanction is that it can enforce that the worker gets paid what they are due.
6503	The agency lets and manages properties on behalf of private landlords and provides a supportive and affordable property management solution for tenants.
6504	The aim of the scheme is to improve food hygiene standards in the city and also to give the public a more informed choice about where to eat based on food safety.
6505	The aim of this course is to provide students with the range of skills and understanding to allow them to study effectively at level 5 or 6 in fashion or retail sectors.
6506	The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of active tuberculosis among staff/students at Patan Hospital.
6507	The aims being to improve the reliability of the technology and to reduce the animal cost of research involving genetically modified models.
6508	The aim was to gain an understanding of how best to encourage and support the development and implementation of information solutions by coordinating action at local and national levels, moving away from a one size fits all approach.
6509	The aircraft will be used for EASA PART NCO Dry Hire/Lease Operations.
6510	The air flow creates a dry environment, which also means your food won’t stick together.
6511	The airport has expanded in traffic, and can even cater to international passengers in addition to offering more local flight options, most popularly to Oslo.
6512	The album is accompanied by a 36 page booklet containing the words of the songs and extensive research notes as well as some delightful illustrations.
6513	The alleged victim confided in a school teacher at the time of the alleged attacks but decided against pursuing the allegations after they were reported to social services.
6514	The alternative, which gives more flexibility and access to additional facilities, is 'application managed security'.
6515	The amount of bad debts during the year was £0.3 million - resulting from firms we cover going out of business, leaving case fees unpaid with no realistic chance of recovery.
6516	The amount paid for each click (the bid) can be controlled by the advertiser, so you can find a price that works for you.
6517	The amount won will appear on the 'GO' square indicating that You have won this amount.
6518	The apartment is just darling.
6519	The apology the club issued on Tuesday morning is a start.
6520	The app accesses the readings from Gyroscope and Accelorometer, to give the accuracy we need.
6521	The application form is available for download from the Documents Section of this page.
6522	The application to the Heritage Lottery Fund will focus on work to restore the fine Victorian features of the building, including the mosaic floor tiles and the stained glass windows.
6523	The approach to Hamilton House is through a pair of wrought iron gates with gravelled driveway leading up to Garage.
6524	The appropriate level of investigation, based on the incident or injury is then progressed through to closure.
6525	The Archant Print division has newspaper printing facilities at Norwich.
6526	The area is bustling with cafes, bars and boutique shops in the old harbour arches.
6527	The area is home to the town’s independent traders, with its eclectic shops ranging from comic book store The Imaginarium to wedding dresses galore at Maria’s Bridal Boutique.
6528	The areas we are looking to re-develop and enhance are detailed below.
6529	The Arkwright Society’s Cromford Mills: Building 17 project has taken top honours in a pan-European heritage competition.
6530	The arrival of the Mondays also coincided with the AIDS panic, when we were forever being warned, by everyone from Thatcher to responsible pop stars, to treat sex with caution.
6531	The artist invited Genet to sit for him and these sittings took place in Giacometti's studio at 46 rue Hippolyte Maindron, off rue d'Alésia.
6532	The artwork around the hotel has been carefully selected to create an ambience and feel for the various interior spaces.
6533	The ASA has announced plans to tighten the rules on broadband advertising to prevent misleading speed claims, which it says are confusing many broadband customers.
6534	The ASA Learn to Swim Framework has 7 progressive stages taking swimmers from basic movement skills and confidence in the water up to swimming 50 metres in a preferred stroke and 25metres in a variety of other strokes.
6535	The assessors are always really easy to talk to, so there's no need to be afraid or anxious, and they have this knack of knowing what may (or may not) be helpful to someone with your condition/s.
6536	The Association promotes short mat bowls throughout the country and organises competitions for clubs and individuals.
6537	The attractive, well furnished set, a charming bedroom with small balcony, is the domain of the widowed Laura, who has returned to England eight months after her husband's death - ostensibly from malaria.
6538	The auction starts at 8:00am on Black Friday, 24th November and closes at 5:00pm on 27th November, also known as Cyber Monday.
6539	The audience can sit back and enjoy a fast-paced and energetic musical comedy with something in it for every member of the family.
6540	The audience is given the power to decide what the show is about, the title of the first song, what style it will be in and which characters will feature.
6541	The audience may not be consciously aware – but can feel it has meaning.
6542	The audience were greeted by Stephanie Maxwell’s Dancing Divas & Dudes, who treated the audience to some dance performances to some festive classics including Kelly Clarkson’s “Underneath the tree”.
6543	The autonomous emergency braking system available on Premium editions detects potential hazards in your path and applies braking to avoid a potential collision.
6544	The availability of great people will continue to be a challenge for employers across sectors so it’s crucial to retain and nurture talent.
6545	The average price for property in Esher stood at £1,062,114 in May 2018.
6546	The average wattage of the T12 is 40w, so one of these bulbs will cost about £0.07 to run per day.
6547	The awards celebrate the British tradition of fish and chips, and aim to showcase the best talent, quality and choice offered by fish and chip businesses across the country.
6548	The awards evening was for all the younger age groups within the academy, ranging from the pre-academy u8s through to our oldest schoolboy age group, the u16s.
6549	The awards presentation evening will be at The Charter Theatre, Preston on Wednesday June 28th.
6550	The awards (which are cloaked in secrecy) has so far thrown up 3 nominated albums which you would have ONLY found out by listening to CMR Nashville or reading Raintown's Facebook page.
6551	The backrest, armrests and headrest are all adjustable to accommodate just about everyone.
6552	The bacteria and algae live among filaments of the fungus, which provides a protected habitat; they in return give the fungi food.
6553	The bag opens to a small main compartment, along with additional pockets and a slot for your phone.
6554	The Ballroom is exquisite and the Cellar Bar is really quirky too.
6555	The band is made from 2.2mm square-shaped wire and finished to a high polish.
6556	The bandleaders would invite the various children to conduct the band; you’d wave around and they’d all go crazy—I remember that quite well, because it was magic.
6557	The Barber Store, is one of the finest grooming shops, in Thornton Heath/Croydon, with services including, men and women''s hair styling, hot towel shaves, In-Store Beauty Therapist, as well as having the future of body toning, The amazing Power Plate.
6558	The basement level would connect with the existing basement level of the ‘New Central’ development to the north and bin and cycle storage would be provided in the basement level.
6559	The base of a Medieval cross is situated in the churchyard of the Church of St. Lawrence, Ansley.
6560	The Basque Country is known for having the highest number of Michelin starred restaurants in the world per head, but there are hundreds of outstanding places where excellent food is on offer.
6561	The bath screen incorporates outward opening hinges for convenient access and features a reversible design, to be fit on either side of the bath.
6562	The battery suffers in the heat of your car interior on a hot day and in the freezing cold of winter, so we advise going with the capacitor.
6563	The Bay Hotel fish and chips second to none.
6564	The bedrooms are huge, and most have en-suite bathrooms.
6565	The beds took the form of hammocks.
6566	The bespoke kitchens are fitted to a high specification with granite work surfaces.
6567	The best and cheapest BBQs you can buy.
6568	The best salons will offer a student discount to encourage a good hair care foundation that won’t break the bank.
6569	“The best tax planning advice should start by considering the ‘big picture’.
6570	The best way to find out when recruitment is happening near you is to speak to your Prince’s Trust contact.
6571	The best way to make sure you'll have enough money to live on in your retirement is to save regularly in a pension throughout your working life.
6572	The bid process will be launched in April, with decision on the creative hub locations due in the third quarter of this year.
6573	The biggest challenge it faces, if recent efforts like Doku’s aborted policy scrutiny forum are anything to go by, is a hesitation among students to volunteer their time as part of the enquiry committee.
6574	The Big Lottery Fund commissioned Parents 1, the Institute of Voluntary Action Research and Oxford University to carry out an evidence review to explore if and how volunteering projects can support child development outcomes.
6575	The big news this month in social media – so big that it hit the – is that Facebook is making some major changes to its News Feed.
6576	The big problem that the pro-killing-things-for-fun group is that they can't answer that basic question: is it acceptable to kill things for fun?
6577	The billboard, visible to traffic approaching the Bearpit via the A4044, is controlled by the People’s Republic of Stokes Croft (PRSC) but did not - according to the council - have any formal planning permission.
6578	The births in the two years following the date of the last Census exceed those in the two years following the Census of 1891 by only 3.32 per cent.
6579	The Black Walnut Laminate doors are the most suitable ones for a rustic décor that needs massive and durable doors.
6580	The blown-out leaf on the left is somewhat distracting.
6581	The B&LR was originally promoted as a means of carrying goods between the Manchester, Bolton & Bury Canal at Bolton and the Leeds & Liverpool Canal at Leigh (the latter being reached by March 1830).
6582	The Board seeks to appoint two further trustees to join them.
6583	The boat fee includes the Canal transit licence with assisted passage, 3 nights berthing at Tarbert, Crinan and Ardfern plus assisted passage planning before the event, daily skippers’ briefings and sail clinics throughout the weekend.
6584	The bonus may be used to purchase entries for any Health Lottery draws (excludes online games and QuickWin entries).
6585	The books that have most closely divided opinion are 'Mein Kampf' by Adolf Hitler and 'American Psycho' by Brett Easton Ellis.
6586	The BOPP Management Committee and Scheme Manager, Anna Cook, are currently working on a promotional plan for 2017, which will include a new logo, twitter account and marketing material to retailers and other plant specifiers.
6587	The Bothy, a partnership project run by Cycling UK and funded by 'Smarter Choices Smarter Places' until June 2019, will also be looking for volunteers soon.
6588	The Botox units are injected roughly about 1.5mm into the soles of the feet, directly into the sweat glands.
6589	The bottom line was: did the British people want to go to war for the Sudetenland?
6590	The bowling was superb the fielding was great with only 1 or 2 minor blips and the batting was strong, paced to perfection and for once with no panic or a collapse in it.
6591	The boyfriend of a 22-year-old woman from Norwich killed in a car crash has paid an emotional tribute to his “soulmate” and the “love of my life”.
6592	The branch is based in the town-centre of Sleaford and has easy access via car.
6593	The brand is responsible for claims made about the product.
6594	The breakfasts are generous, with a splendid selection of fresh fruit beautifully presented as well as an excellently-cooked 'full English'.
6595	The British and Irish Association of Zoos and Aquariums (BIAZA) will be heading to New Scientist Live – a national festival of science taking place…
6596	The British Cycling strength routine is an ideal starting point if you don’t already have a strength programme.
6597	The broadcasters do not have the rights to make all programmes available on demand.
6598	The browser checks that the website operator uses a valid SSL certificate for the web server.
6599	The BT Care team has confirmed the current problems hitting thousands of BT email customers.
6600	The building, previously known as ‘C Block’, is an area of the Holloway campus that was formerly used as administrative offices.
6601	The building society now has me as the 'authorised person' and I access Mum's account through her original passbook.
6602	The bungalow has the benefit of gas central heating & PVC double glazing.
6603	The burglars were in the hallway carrying weapons when the homeowner disturbed them.
6604	The Burton Mail encourages readers to nominate friends, family and colleagues in one or more of the award categories.
6605	The Business-case Maintenance Investors – these clients have the bandwidth and expertise to be critically aware of what areas of improvement on the site will bring in the best return at any time.
6606	The Bussey Building, also in Rye Lane, is a hive of activity with a rooftop cinema, music, theatre and comedy.
6607	The buy to let sector has been the target for a string of controversial measures proposed by the government in recent months.
6608	The 'buzz' is amazing and it gives me great satisfaction in helping and supporting members on their journey to a better lifestyle.
6609	The BVRLA and a coalition of other fleet industry stakeholders are working together to oppose the latest government tax raid on the company car market.
6610	The B.Zero1 ring and pendant each retail at £360, including a £60 donation to Save the Children.
6611	The C1 is cheap to run and its compact dimensions make it agile and ideal for driving around town.
6612	The cables are pre-stressed so that the roof structure remains stable and in tension under all loading conditions.
6613	The café are happy to work with you to get the catering for your wedding just right.
6614	The cake should butt together fairly tightly.
6615	The call of the Golden Plover, the flash of a Merlin, or the Cotton Grass waving in the gentle breeze.
6616	The campaign, called ‘Left Behinds’, focuses on the items left behind after a jumble sale; a motley crew of well-used toys, ornaments and stuffed animals who haven’t been given a new home.
6617	The campaign has also attracted some unfavourable responses.
6618	The campaign has mobilised several thousand women debating women’s rights and collecting signatures to change laws that discriminate against women.
6619	“The campaign, launched in September 2013, by Marks & Spencer suggests it has gained a more refined understanding of its consumers,” says Ansons.
6620	The campaign was in protest against Internment and had begun on 15 August 1971.
6621	The canal in water in the Medlock Valley.
6622	The Candidate: The ideal candidate will come from electro-mechanical engineer background and will be able to do three phase electrical breakdowns.
6623	The Canterbury circuit – which hosted the British World Rallycross round from 2014 to last season - will hold the final two rounds of the Global Rallycross Championship on October 27-28.
6624	The capability framework will also set out how Kent County Council identifies and promotes talent through clearly articulated career pathways at all levels in the organisation.
6625	The capital is Accra, a city with a real African flavour – check out Makola and Kaneshie markets and the shabby chic neighbourhood of James Town.
6626	The car also comes with two different ignition keys, with the red ‘TracKey’ switching the engine to the full mapping as the Boss 302R race car, complete with a fantastically lumpy idle.
6627	The care of watching the city was then properly executed by the citizens, of every ward, themselves, under due regulations; and they had stately processions or marches yearly, on the vigil of St. John the baptist, and on that of St. Peter and St. Paul.
6628	The car has power steering.
6629	The caring nature of Ada extended to her profession of auxiliary nurse at the former Mill Road Hospital, which was a victim to the WW2 bombings.
6630	The case studies she used illustrated the challenges.
6631	The castle then remained in Welsh hands until 1223 when it was recaptured by William Marshal, Earl of Pembroke.
6632	The castle was originally intended to have been converted into a library and reading room for the Royal Navy Officers stationed in the new base but, with the outbreak of World War I in 1914, this plan was postponed.
6633	The catalogue can be viewed and downloaded online from lumag.
6634	The cathedral city was the inspiration for Keats 'Ode to Autumn' in 1819 and today boasts excellent schools, a strong community spirit and a wide range of festivals to appeal to the family buyer.
6635	The centre at Silverwoods is costing £11.9 million to build.
6636	The Chairman wished all those present a Happy Christmas and prosperous New Year before inviting them to her home for some seasonal refreshment prior to closing the Meeting at 8.50 p.m.
6637	The chair of the British Fertility Society, Allison Murdoch argued that as long as the child is going to be brought up in a loving, caring environment their parents’ sexuality should not be seen as an issue.
6638	The Chair’s role will be to chair the members’ meetings and to represent the Funding Council at external IWF meetings whenever possible.
6639	The Chalet is slightly out of town and so you need a car but it is only 5 minutes to the town or the ski lift.
6640	The challenge follows a simple share, donate, nominate pattern.
6641	The Chameleon Faux Leather Ottoman Bed is a practical bed frame with plenty of storage space beneath the mattress.
6642	The chancel arch also dates to the 12th century, and some older stonework can been seen at the western end of the north wall and in the southern corners.
6643	The Chancellor also has the matter of debates in relation to inter-generational wealth imbalances to contend with; it’s no secret that the party lacks popularity among young people.
6644	The change around with the Andover decision happened pretty quickly and the sooner it is sorted one way or the other, the better.”
6645	The changeover day is flexible depending on availability.
6646	The changes in their life partner, whether or not that involves transition, will make them more conscious of themselves in the world.
6647	The chapel and keep of this building have been restored more recently, but there are still picturesque ruins aplenty too.
6648	The charge relates to Wagner's reaction to the referee James Linington after his side's 1-0 defeat.
6649	The charges relate to two offences on January 20 and February 24, where two women were raped in the town.
6650	The charge states he exposed himself to her, pulled down her top and looked at her breasts and made sexual remarks to her when she was a teenager.
6651	The charities also traced and targeted new or lapsed donors by piecing together personal information which was obtained from other sources.
6652	The charities were chosen after a vote by colleagues.
6653	The Charity Commission gives useful advice about the risks of entering into a tenancy agreement and applying for rate relief.
6654	The charity stress that rabbits are high maintenance and are definitely not a pet for children as “they can’t understand why it’s not okay to grab and pull a cute fluffy thing.”
6655	The Chicken Shack presents The Mee Kats, Crays Events - Crays TownTalkDid you know you can add your Events for FREE?
6656	The Chief Finance Officer highlighted that the exact level of savings or income required would be uncertain until a steer was given from Government on funding post 2019/20.
6657	The Children’s Social Care Services process is based on The Children Act 1989 Representations Procedure Regulations (2006).
6658	The child's pension would be one quarter of the deferred pension; where there is more than one eligible child, the pension would be one half of the deferred pension divided between the children.
6659	The child was prioritised and a rescue line thrown to him.
6660	The choice of engines is also very astute without a single duffer identifiable.
6661	The Christian Democrats, who were members of Rutte's coalition, won only 13 seats, eight fewer than in the 2010 polls.
6662	“The Christmas tree lights, loads of candles, schnapps and of course Swedish meatballs and gravalax, a wonderful celebration and a total blast, in a part of the county so dear to our heart, that we love.”
6663	The City's Role in Providing for the Public Equity Financing Needs of UK SMEs, URS Corporation, published by the City of London Corporation, March 2010.
6664	The Classic Racing team keeps in very close contact with trainers,regularly visiting the yards in order to carefully monitor the progress of the horses.
6665	The client lives in one of the maisonettes and rents out the others to working professionals.
6666	The Clore Award for Learning recognises and celebrates museums and galleries which put learning at the heart of what they do.
6667	The closure is between Lock 18 at Droylsden and the junction with the Rochdale Canal and will be for at least 2 weeks, according to British Waterways.
6668	The club are staging a big charity game on Sunday, June 24 (2.30) which is completely free.
6669	“The club couldn’t have a better way to announce our new gym – with eight boxers in next week’s national semi-finals.
6670	“The club have been dragged back into a dogfight,” said Rymer.
6671	The Club or Organisation hosting a test must appoint an examiner and must satisfy themselves that the person they appoint meets the Scheme's Examiner qualifications and is able to complete the task proficiently.
6672	The CO2 emissions of the company car that you choose for the financial year.
6673	The collection, which proved vital to the study, was acquired by the Museum and holds an astonishing 25,000 specimens.
6674	The College Group has said it has “absolute confidence” in Miss Swithenbank to deliver the plan they put in place.
6675	The college is also ideally suited near to both teaching and library sites of the History Faculty and the Department of Politics and International Studies.
6676	The College Principal, Mrs Michele Corkey said: “As we move towards obtaining planning permission and having our final designs agreed we look forward to building works beginning.
6677	The colliery began its life in 1908 to exploit coal reserves in the south Lancashire Coalfield.
6678	The colour is warm, blush oyster with a pink silk lining, trimmed in oyster silk twill, with sheer panels at the neckline and the sleeves."
6679	The Commandery is most famous for being the Royalist headquarters in the 1651 Battle of Worcester that ended the English Civil War.
6680	The Commissioner has worked across borders with international law enforcement agencies in order to target international criminal networks and protect victims across borders.
6681	The commissioning of more than 100 driver-only operation cameras.
6682	The committee approved and agreed to publish the 2016 Development Plan Scheme, which sets out Aberdeenshire Council’s programme for preparing and reviewing the Local Development Plan (LDP).
6683	The Committee considered a report of the Corporate Director for People, together with supporting correspondence from the parent of pupil IB, in connection with an application for home to school transport assistance.
6684	The common conclusion here is that “in none of these examples, nor in any other instance, did left reformism succeed in ‘opening the way to socialism’”.
6685	The companies Applied Functional Material Ltd and Merlin Circuit Technology Ltd are involved in the project.
6686	The company also picked up the same award in Flintshire for their £2.4 million Maes Helyg development at Welsh Road, Garden City, for St Asaph-based Pennaf Housing Group.
6687	The company also recently opened its 4th Data Centre in Europe, a state-of-the-art installation in Karlsruhe, Germany, which will house over 25,000 servers.
6688	The company are offering a competitive rate of up to £450 and an initial 6 month contract, with an expected 12 months of work.
6689	The company behind this enquiry is a manufacturer of waste recycling equipment with an immediate order to place.
6690	The company has a very open approach and Directors don't have offices but sit out on the floor to encourage open dialogue.
6691	The company is also one of a small number of certification bodies in the UK to achieve UKAS accreditation to certify companies to ISO 22301 – the standard designed to help organisations respond to such threats.
6692	The company is committed to protecting the town’s beaches and will do all it can to help them achieve and maintain Blue Flag status.
6693	The company is located in Chelmsford.
6694	The company is not what it used to be - people see this - you can't continue to pretend.
6695	The company must be unquoted but that can still include shares listed on AIM.
6696	The company recently announced orders exceeding in the last 60 days, making it one of the fastest growing consumer robotics companies focused on disrupting traditional retail.
6697	The company welcome children on all day trips unless otherwise advised.
6698	The company, which is located in Bredbury (Stockport), began trading in 2011 and has 10 years of experience in the commercial and domestic sectors business.
6699	The company, which is located in Hatch Warren (Basingstoke), was set-up in 2001 and has many years experience in the window cleaning business.
6700	The complainant noted that one community source cited by the newspaper had denied making the claims attributed to him.
6701	The compound muscle action potential (CMAP) amplitudes declined over the first 2 to 4 days after envenoming and then gradually increased in parallel with clinical recovery.
6702	The conclusion of the trial had been eagerly anticipated, and naturally, interesting debate ensued.
6703	The conclusions on 'splits'-specific issues can vary over time, for a combination of reasons.
6704	The condition of your vehicle will also have an impact on stopping distances.
6705	The condo is wonderful.
6706	The conference will include a mix of keynote speeches, practical surgeries, and interactive workshops on a range of issues, such as: finance, HR, premises management and wellbeing.
6707	The configuration of the Outer Ward is uncertain due to the substantial rebuilding of the structure although some earthworks survive.
6708	The confinement of the kayak means there’s no room for your 9-5 essentials - mobile phones and laptops are secured in the vehicle as you disconnect from the electronic world for a couple of hours.
6709	The Consultation Report states: "Respondents were strongly in favour of retaining a significant minimum distance.
6710	The consumption of energy drinks should be avoided in hot weather as they are likely to cause dehydration.
6711	The contract also incorporates maintenance of the council’s and our own fleet of vehicles.
6712	The conversion tracking cookie is set on your browser only when you click an ad delivered by Google where the advertiser has opted in to conversion tracking.
6713	The cooling down rates of working riding school horses.
6714	The cost for this service is just £12 per hour paid directly to the cleaner and a £35 one off agency fee.
6715	The cost of a renewal ceremony depends on the day, time and location you want to have the ceremony.
6716	The cost of this course is 6 GBP which gives unlimited access to the course content.
6717	The costs presented therefore provide a very useful baseline but are usually regarded as underestimates for these reasons.
6718	The cottage can sleep four people in two double bedrooms.
6719	The cottage is in close walking distance to the Cross Foxes hotel, public house and restaurant.
6720	The cottage sleeps four people in two bedrooms which are made up of a super king-size double which can be a twin on request, and a double room.
6721	The cotton ball is ignited, allowed to burn, then removed before the cup itself is placed on top of a target acupuncture point.
6722	The council can provide advice and guidance on all aspects of installation and can require that detailed plans are submitted for inspection prior to installation of new units.
6723	The Council has up to date fire risk assessments for all flats with communal access, which includes monthly recorded inspections to each block.
6724	The council have one of the largest capital programmes in the country covering a range of schemes including highways, land and property.
6725	The Council is responsible for introducing and maintaining physical road safety measures, and for making traffic orders (regulations like speed limits).
6726	The Council's Legal Services can assist with the preparation of Section 106 obligations if required.
6727	The counterpart to a mould.
6728	The county council has said that the road will be closed until tomorrow morning, with parking suspended between Skinner Street and Brunswick Street.
6729	The county is also known as a great location for commuters because of its close proximity to London, 81% of people aged between 16-64 are in work, with the average person bringing home a salary of £33,435.
6730	The county, who will now meet Western Division winners Berkshire in the Championship play-off final, also play the same opposition in the final of the Knockout Trophy at Wormsley.
6731	The couple recently starred together again in an Australian comedy film called Swinging Safari.
6732	The course has a common first year curriculum with the BA Accounting and Finance, providing an opportunity to broaden your knowledge of accountancy and personal finance, together with key elements of business and decision-making.
6733	The course is divided into four units, a foundation and development unit on philosophy and ethics, a piece of coursework, and an implications unit based on the study of an anthology.
6734	The course is made up of two modules.
6735	The course's strong focus on research skills provides an ideal platform for further study at PhD level or undertaking research.
6736	The course takes place on 27th July, 9am – 4pm, Maidenhead and Cookham Commons.
6737	The Courtauld Commitment 2025 Water Ambition has the support of some of the most influential businesses in the UK and WRAP is keen to hear from businesses who wish to get involved.
6738	The court granted an "order for possession" and Mrs D was eventually evicted from the property.
6739	The court heard there were complaints of rapes and indecent assaults from four victims committed between 1977 and 1989.
6740	The Court judged that such a move would amount to a breach of contract.
6741	The crash took place at 2.10pm on the eastbound carriageway and the road is completely blocked.
6742	The Creative Industries offers a wide range of employment opportunities and specialist disciplines.
6743	The crescent of Shandwick Bay lies to the East of them and Balintore has a charming stone harbour more akin to one of the harbours of East Neuk.
6744	The Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) was instated in 2002 to provide a more comprehensive criminal record check.
6745	The criminal sanction for failure to register a charge has been removed.
6746	The crisis of 1976 was a key moment in the ruling class counter-offensive against the working class gains of the previous period.
6747	The criticism stems largely from the Newton-le-Willows councillor’s past comments on social media regarding green belt development and his chequered disciplinary record.
6748	The Crown Court is a single court that sits continuously in 77 centres in England and Wales.
6749	The current electorate for the Kilmarnock and Loudoun Constituency is 75,250.
6750	The current heating plant rooms and chimney that serve the Acorn estate will be demolished once the new plant is up and running.
6751	The current Statute U requires two votes of the Regent House in the case of redundancy, or trial by independent University Tribunal and appeal to the Septemviri in the case of dismissal.
6752	"The customer journey is very important to us," said Seif Alhamrany, head of the Advisory Team at Florius.
6753	The cycle to work scheme provides the ideal antidote for disgruntled travellers looking to reduce those blood-boiling traffic jams and crammed trains.
6754	The cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene.
6755	The cylinder and head were cast in one piece and a cast iron deflector-type piston was used.
6756	The data can be transferred to another storage service, although this is customers’ responsibility.
6757	The data from Equifax Touchstone, which covers 92% of the intermediated lending market, shows that the average value of a residential mortgage in August was £189,771 (2015: £184,891) and £159,466 for buy-to-let (2015: £157,675).
6758	The data release for showed 16,456 accredited commercial schemes and 54,131 accredited domestic schemes.
6759	The data specified in our systems by our customers, and in some cases their users, is processed only according to the customer's instructions as well as the terms of our current and updated terms of agreement.
6760	The date attached is October 18TH, but as a result of bravery in July Private McBean came under notice.
6761	The dates are Sat 16th & Sun 17th July and the venue, as always, is Brockwell Park.
6762	The dawn service concluded with both a song and spine-tingling haka by Ngati Ranana – performed to the VIPs, including the Prince and Ms. Markle.
6763	The days of every local patch covered by a news agency are long gone because there’s no money it.
6764	The deadline for entries is Friday 6 April 2018 and finalists will be shortlisted on Friday 25 May 2018.
6765	The deadline for proposals is midnight on 30 April.
6766	The deadlock was broken in the fourth minute when Henderson headed home Andrew Mooney's cross.
6767	“The decision has yet to be finalised, but HMRC is looking at ways of using secure emails and links which will have to be backed up with an innovative education to enable taxpayers to identify legitimate emails from HMRC,” added Tucker.
6768	The defeat of the German Revolution had blocked the revolutionary tsunami that spread across the industrialised world.
6769	The defender received an injury in the second half of the match against Maccabi in The Champions League.
6770	The de Havilland campus is formally opened by HRH The Duke of Edinburgh in 2003.
6771	The Department for Education (DfE) will be holding regular reviews to monitor our progress.
6772	The Department of Economics is one of three disciplines that make up the Business School.
6773	The Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) recommends the to the NHS, to Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) and to other research employers working in partnership with the NIHR.
6774	The depth of the drill is determined by the size of the seed.
6775	The Derbyshire Hotel is also hosting an event to mark the Royal wedding on Saturday, May 19.
6776	The design is always the key and the hook to their service.
6777	The design of this scarf is based on a silver filigree dish and evokes the decorative lacework and printed patterns of the Tudor period.
6778	The development is expected to take two years to build and the hotel will offer rooms for £40-£200 a night.
6779	The development is situated in Ainsdale near to Southport and has excellent transport links to Liverpool City Centre, Preston and Manchester.
6780	The Development Management Policies document took a number of years to prepare and reach adoption.
6781	The dictionary aims to be more than a compilation of existing references.
6782	The differences in the grazing attributes of each large herbivore, together with differences in the other factors determining movement, lead to each using its range in a different way.
6783	The Digital Marketplace made the buying process simpler, clearer and faster for the Suffolk and Norfolk constabularies.
6784	The director of studies and the second/third supervisor(s) are expected to guide your approach to the preparation of the Confirmation Report and the viva voce.
6785	The Disclosure Letter is a document signed by the seller in which the seller sets out matters of which he is aware that are at odds with the Warranties and thereby seeks to qualify the Warranty.
6786	The discovery also provides useful insights into how new proteins are created in the evolutionary process.
6787	The distinctively shaped 1938 800cc machine would be a prized component in anyone’s collection.
6788	The distressing incident unfolded on Sunday morning just after 11am.
6789	The District Council has also adopted a new way of dealing with complaints about District Councillors.
6790	The DNA liquid is being delivered to communities by police who are offering crime prevention advice alongside instruction on how to mark belongings most likely to be snatched in a domestic break-in such as laptops, tablets, phones and jewellery.
6791	The doctors are supported by a district nursing team who provide treatment at home including nursing the terminally ill and chronically sick.
6792	The document also outlines how evidence can be submitted.
6793	The documents must make specific reference to the prescribed content of current curriculum for the subject, and indicate the degree of competence in the subject which the candidate has obtained through professional experience.
6794	The dogs are very tired to-night.
6795	The dog was found by two members of the public near to the Queen of Hearts hotel, in Lilydale Road, Bucknall, at around 5pm on Thursday (23 June).
6796	The dollar figure also represents the value of damages avoided by cutting emission of one tonne.
6797	The Dolphin Fish and Chip shop has been a well established Leith institution for a long long time.
6798	The domain name registered to the website is separate in its entirety and will follow the domain procedure set by the 123-reg domain registration, renewal and refund agreement.
6799	The Drawing Studio is open at weekends showing sketchbooks and recent works on the drawing board / easel.
6800	The Drill Hall Library catalogue contains details of everything on the shelves in our library and in the University of Greenwich libraries at Avery Hill and Stockwell Street.
6801	The Drumbeg Historic Marine Protected Area (MPA) came into force under urgent procedures on 18 March 2013.
6802	The Duke is represented with his own coat of arms on the left-hand side, granted on his 18th birthday, which includes both his Royal family lineage and the small, red escallops of his mother's family.
6803	The DWI is concerned that across the industry there is considerable work needed to mitigate fully the risks which lead to failures within the consumer’s plumbing systems.
6804	The earth around them is littered with shell holes, with fragments of metal and barbed wire, and the concrete emplacements are suffering from shell damage, and now from weathering.
6805	The earthquake was the 5th largest since 1900, massive by any standards but the destructive power of the tsunami it caused is truly incredible.
6806	The easiest way to ensure your rent is paid on time is to set up a direct debit online.
6807	The East of England Ambulance Service is always keen to hear from potential volunteers - with North Norfolk towns including Holt, Mundesley, Cromer and North Walsham particularly in need of more Community First Responders.
6808	The EBA/IDEAL 4850 offers both electro-mechanical drive of the cutting blade and automatic clamping in a simple to operate guillotine that comes on its own table.
6809	The EC's current broadband plan - the Digital Agenda for Europe (DAE) - wants to ensure that everyone can get internet speeds of 30Mb or more by 2020.
6810	The EEA consists of the European Union (EU) countries plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
6811	The effective date would be the date of change.
6812	The Effective Researcher – a suite of programmes to develop researchers at key stages in their doctoral studies.
6813	The effects are usually monitored when you are in hospital by regular blood tests to estimate how much of the drug is in your bloodstream.
6814	The efforts of the union officials have ranged from too-little-too-late to nothing or deliberate sabotage.
6815	The e.learning age outstanding learning organisation award demonstrates Virtual College’s achievements over a sustained period in the learning, development and technology industry.
6816	The e-Learning courses are made up of a series of video modules with printable slides, self-paced exercises and a selection of additional content.
6817	The eleventh century castle was an earth and timber motte-and-bailey fortification.
6818	The E Line XG is 100cm wide and is available in the two most popular cooker colours: gloss black and stainless steel.
6819	The Employment Allowance is available for businesses, charities and Community Amateur Sports Clubs who have employees whose earnings incur an employer secondary Class 1 NICs liability.
6820	“The end of the season has sort of crept up on us all because we are yet to have that substantial run where we are able to pick up momentum.
6821	The energy savings are going to be very very small so the investment is just not worth it.
6822	The energy supplier offered £200 discount off the arrears.
6823	The enlightening thing for me is that when everyone is remote no-one feels remote.
6824	The Enstone-based Renault team admit there is still work to do ahead of what is expected to be a rain-hit qualifying session.
6825	The en-suite also features a radiator and window to the side elevation.
6826	The entire process is generally handled under the planning regime with conditions imposed on planning consent to undertake the above work.
6827	The Epsilon breach comes as a timely reminder of the dangers of failing to understand and address security risks arising from third party relationships.
6828	The EP was soon recorded and mixed (with “The Smiles Were Forced” being dropped from the EP’s tracklisting).
6829	The era 1250 – 1350 was dominated by religious life, shaping the form and function of art.
6830	The ETF costs 0.48 per cent.
6831	The EU Gender Directive - which came into force last month - has led to a rise in the annuity rates being paid to women.
6832	The European Golf Team Championships will be held on the famous course at Gleneagles, the open water event will take place in Loch Lomond andthe diving events will get underway in Edinburgh.
6833	The European Union passes laws and takes decisions on many matters that are important to Northern Ireland and its citizens.
6834	The EU wanted to make sure that data protection regulation covers all the ways data can now be shared.
6835	The event aims to bring forth awareness of the glorious countryside on our doorsteps and promote the wide range of activities on offer all year round in the great outdoors.
6836	The event provides a rare opportunity for the construction industry to come together as a united front to enjoy and receive support every step of the way from colleagues, friends and families, and the impressive crowds that normally gathers.
6837	The event runs from 10am – 3pm on Saturday 5th February; email This email address is being protected from spambots.
6838	The events are open to all kinds of business and our aim is to give all those that attend the opportunity to meet new people, to build on existing business relationships and to generate new leads.
6839	The event was attended by representatives of County and Borough/District Councils…
6840	The event was hosted by Grandmaster John C.Kanzler/Soke and Executive Director of the EUSAIMAA.
6841	The event was hosted by who provided full conference facilities in their Bristol head-office whilst the challenge was being set.
6842	The event was run by Islay and Jura CVS’s South Islay project, coordinated by local rowing group the Lagavulin Fundraisers, and funded by Argyll and the Islands LEADER and Awards for All.
6843	The event will start at 10am at the Market Cross and various locations nearby.
6844	The evidence for this candidate has achieved the following marks for each section of this course assessment component.
6845	The evidence suggests that how teachers use the time they are allocated is more important than the length of lesson or the schedule of lessons, and hence that the introduction of block scheduling is unlikely to raise attainment by itself.
6846	The evolution has been wrestling, but that’s what it’s always been for all of our music – wrestling with reality, with: What does it mean to be a human?
6847	The exact amount of tax payable on funds you extract from your company will depend on the level of other income you receive in the same tax year.
6848	The examiner recommended that the plan should go to a referendum after being amended, and that the referendum area should be the Effingham Neighbourhood Area (Effingham ward).
6849	The exciting scope presented for bespoke agglomerate surfaces, particularly for architects, interior designers and property developers, is exemplified by the Sheraton Hotels project.
6850	The Executive Committee is responsible for the organisation, financial administration and running of the Section.
6851	The Executive Premium vehicles from Enterprise can do wonders for your image and your confidence in a variety of business-related situations.
6852	The Executive Secretary and Senior Clerk serviced the meeting.
6853	The exercise assumed that the South East of England had been invaded and the WVS were involved in caring for the wounded and evacuating people from their homes.
6854	The exhibition is funded by Arts Council England as part of the Bristol 2015 European Green Capital programme, and is being delivered by the Bristol Culture Development Partnership (BDCP).
6855	The existence or not of this castle is conjecture as the first recorded castle on the site was established by Walter Espec in the 1120s/1130s.
6856	The existing 372 bus stop on the narrow pavement by Rainham Hall Gardens will now be closed and the good news is that there are no changes to the westbound service.
6857	The existing JCR and Goddard buildings were built in 1951.
6858	The experience is a great hands-on introduction to the origins and craft of chocolate and chocolate making.
6859	The experience of this spliced together perfectly with previous work, informed by similar residencies and experiences in Greenland.
6860	The expertise of the high calibre team ensure clients receive the best available service which is intended to be cost effective and tailored to each client''s requirements.
6861	The extraordinary happens everyday.
6862	The eye is telling the brain something that is provoking greater interest.
6863	The face-to-face teaching which follows offers more intensive, creative sessions of problem solving and learning in small groups.
6864	The fact that Port Glasgow appears with a hyphen identifies that it dates from many years ago.
6865	The fact the business is called The King of Soho Drinks suggests it won’t all be about gin in the future, but for now it’s job done with Howard Raymond and Alex Robson’s original ambition.
6866	The Fairfield is not able to accept responsibility for guests possessions, vehicles and money.
6867	THE family of a soldier awarded the Victoria Cross for leading a counter-attack, against greatly superior numbers, during a key part of the Battle of the Somme have spoken of their pride after a memorial to honour him was unveiled in his home town.
6868	The famous engineer, Thomas Telford, used the three lochs of the Great Glen to create the Caledonian Canal which links the Irish Sea to the North Sea.
6869	The farmhouse, the land and gardens form one lot with the commercial premises forming the second lot.
6870	The farming activities have now moved away from the yard although are still close by for you to watch and on the thirty acre organic farm you can see cattle, pygmy goats, pet pigs, ducks, chickens and horses.
6871	The fastenings are fiddlier than I am used to.
6872	The father of a woman who used her tanning salon as a front for an organised crime group in Leyland has been ordered to pay back £12.284.66 of his ill gotten gains.
6873	The FCA is required to consult with us under certain circumstances, for example where there is a dual-regulated firm in the EEA firm’s immediate group.
6874	The fear of a bad news story; the fear of taking a and losing funding;.
6875	The Federation of Small Businesses estimates that the UK’s small businesses are collectively attacked more than 7 million times a year at an estimated cost of over £5 billion.
6876	The female employees in the.
6877	The Fereday Prize was set up by Willie Thomson, past Rector of Kirkwall Grammar School, to continue the project work begun by Ray Fereday, formerly Principal Teacher of History at KGS.
6878	The ferry port near Amsterdam is just a few kilometres from the motorway network taking you onwards into Europe.
6879	“The festival is one of our highlights and busiest days of the season.
6880	The figures published this week show a large increase in claims against employers for back pay, despite the sanctions employers could face for failing to pay the National Minimum Wage.
6881	The film was direccted by Daniel & Matthew Kooman.
6882	The final cohorts were as a result both diverse and talented.
6883	The final compensation was agreed at £400,000.
6884	The final examination shall take place on the last Saturday of the course during Lent Term and will be of two hours’ duration.
6885	The final phase to the park is now nearly finished with just a little bit of landscaping to do.
6886	The final score was 54 - 34 to Mavericks.
6887	The final step is setting out exactly how you will use marketing to reach your goals.
6888	The financial information provided is for on street enforcement only.
6889	The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) will shortly be contacting individuals who have brought claims against Rockingham Independent Limited (Rockingham) in relation to ARM investments.
6890	The findings from Debach showed that three in five (60%) of those driving through the village were exceeding the 30mph speed limit, and of those, a quarter (25%) were above the 35mph prosecution threshold.
6891	The findings suggest a greater resilience and agility exists among the SME community, who could well become the flag carriers for the UK business community as it responds positively to the UK’s new place in the world economy.
6892	The fine art market is likely to see some changes as a result of Sandy says Guerrini-Maraldi.
6893	The fire service said he was being treated at the scene by paramedics and may be taken to hospital.
6894	The firm believes it can potentially litigate these cases and try to claim the full amount of PPI paid and seek full redress.
6895	The firm fears that the promised £145 a year saving for the self-employed from the scrapping of Class 2 NICs in April 2018 will be cancelled out by a corresponding tax rise.
6896	The firm has previously designed the successful Warwick and Coleshill Parkway stations in the county.
6897	The first, and most important thing that clubs should do is conduct a risk assessment to determine what their most valuable assets are and how vulnerable they are.
6898	The first art programme, RELAY, curated by Michael Pinsky and Stéphanie Delcroix, focussed on site-specific installations for the neighbourhood, encouraging visitors to view and use the developing spaces in a fresh way.
6899	The first attempt to solve the problem was the economic reforms of the late 1960s.
6900	The first Confucius Hub in West Lothian was established for Secondary Schools in 2009 at Bathgate Academy.
6901	The first floor has the master suite, with a dressing room and an en suite shower room, four further bedrooms, a Jack and Jill bathroom and a further bathroom.
6902	The first game of the group saw Steve against Long with Steve knowing that he would need to win to progress.
6903	The first half of 2014 was a record first half year for company registrations in Worthing when compared to any half year in history.
6904	The first House Music track got to number one in this year with Steve 'Silk' Hurley's 'Jack Your Body' reaching the top in January but it wasn't until September for the next one when MARRS 'Pump up the Volume' hit the top.
6905	The first moment came very early on, just weeks after her disappearance on May 3, 2007.
6906	The first Oriel Talks event this year, on the theme of “The Material Things…”, will take place from 5.30pm on Tuesday 18th October (2nd week) in the Harris Lecture Theatre.
6907	The first question that jumped into my mind was how the hell did they get Calley to do that?
6908	The first seat is very good and easy to fit but I made a mistake when choosing the height, which is why I am waiting for a lower one which I am sure will be fine.
6909	The first showed a blindfolded woman holding a pair of scales with the word Justice emblazoned on top.
6910	The first stop for information on your pension contributions and where they are going is your employer.
6911	The first thing you will need to know is the value of your pension.
6912	The first to close to passengers was Micklehurst on 1 May 1907 followed by Staley & Millbrook, on 1 November 1909.
6913	The first two accessories-led graduate fashion collections from ECA were shown at Graduate Fashion Week in 2013.
6914	The flames then spread to the roofs of a pair of semi-detached houses.
6915	The flattering, classically styled bodice nips you in at the waist while the dress' flowing A-line skirt is made for dancing in. The silver crystal encrusted waistband makes for a truly lovely finishing touch too.
6916	The flavor of the e-liquid will be greatly impacted by the ratio of propylene glycol or PG and vegetable glycerin or VG.
6917	‘The Flea’ sees the insect’s habits as parasite turn it into a marriage temple.
6918	The Flood Re scheme will protect those at risk of flooding by effectively limiting the amount that high risk households would need to pay on the flood insurance element of their premiums and excesses.
6919	The flooring sold now comes tongue and grooved on all 4 sides which means the boards slot firmly together without leaving large gaps for the breeze to come through.
6920	The focus will be on making the process more convenient and efficient for public transport users, with simplifying the zoning system and price structures amongst the considerations.
6921	The following main points were noted in the discussion:-
6922	The food diary should give details of your diet every day over the 2 week period.
6923	The food is a familiar something-for-everyone mix – steak and chips, pasta, risotto, smoked chicken salad, roast cod, pork fillet on mash – and there are a fair few wines by the glass and some decent draft ales.
6924	The food is just what you want after a day in the hills, perhaps rabbit and pork rillettes with a pear and squash chutney, steak and ale pie with thick-cut chips, warm apple and “Kingston black” crumble.
6925	The food was also a very big hit at the wedding breakfast - the service, quality and display of the food was second to none.
6926	The force and PCC have also agreed on a new approach to delivering policing across Nottinghamshire which puts prevention at the heart of a strategy to reduce crime and keep people safe.
6927	The force’s ability to tackle the rise in online crime will also be bolstered by adding an extra specialist officer to the Cyber Crime Unit.
6928	The Ford Motor Company's chief financial officer, Lewis Booth, commented that the news was a very encouraging and positive signal.
6929	The forecast that in the current marketing campaign 110,000 tonnes of raw cotton will be sold “is a clear sign that the availability of raw material is guaranteed for investors in this area”, he added.
6930	The formalities for any declaration or revocation of a declaration relating to the independent mental capacity advocate are provided for in this clause.
6931	The former Republic of Ireland international is currently preparing the Lions for their scheduled home clash with Dagenham on Saturday – if the cold snap relents.
6932	The forthcoming exhibition of Henri Matisse’s ground-breaking paper cut-outs, made between 1943 and 1954, is the most comprehensive to date.
6933	The forum to discuss the new Ash Road Bridge was held on Wednesday 18 April 2018.
6934	The foundation of any great online experience will start with these questions.
6935	The Foundatition subsidizes other formats of the communication of science and research which are preferentially tailored towards a broad public only in compliance with the types of costs specified in the grant letter.
6936	The four bed farmhouse is on the market for £550,000 having been revamped by its equestrian loving owners.
6937	The four pools are the stars of this big hotel.
6938	THE fourth round of the Oxford Mail Cross Country League takes place at Lawns Park, Swindon, on Sunday, starting at 9.55am.
6939	The Freedom Programme is a domestic abuse and violence programme that looks at the attitudes and beliefs displayed by the abusive partner.
6940	The front door opens into a hall with a tiled floor.
6941	The frontiers of management: where tomorrow's decisions are being made today.
6942	The front of the property has parking facilities with patio and lawn area to the front.
6943	The frost fair marked the official launch of the town's Countdown to Christmas events programme, which continues next Saturday, 2 December, with a free Magical Elf Trail around the town centre.
6944	The full proposals are available online at www.gov.uk and the consultation will be open until 3 February 2015.
6945	The fully qualified and experianced workforce work to a very high standard keeping customer's minds at ease, ensuring that they receive top quality advice and a finished product.
6946	The funding helps your business gain: Market knowledge Experience in attending and getting the most from “Trade Show Access Programme”
6947	The Fund's Senior Accountant Simon Cunnington replied that the Bank of England speech was a personal opinion and gave no advice to 'the Fund has taken no action as a result of the speech'.
6948	The furniture of the front apartments was also removed into the grounds by the officers and servants and assembled neighbours, who rendered every assistance in their power.
6949	The gallery Greenwave is run by CCCD at at 6.40 precisely the siren sounds and then I go out onto the street and play a loud sets of calls.
6950	The game was just 1-0 in the Cherries’ favour at half time, with manager Alan Connell revealing that his side took on his half-time instructions to push forwards and gain their big result.
6951	The game would visually match the equivalent £4 Million colour pulse £10 scratchcard on sale in retailers at the time.
6952	The GemPC ExpressCard reader from Gemalto allows the use of smartcards for most laptops and PDA's with an ExpressCard slot and incorporates GemCore PRO, Gemalto's market leading single chip interface.
6953	“The general issue is about women’s safety.
6954	The Geographic South Pole is what most people mean when they talk about the “South Pole” and was the point that Scott and Amundsen were racing to reach in 1912.
6955	The girls often look at it.
6956	The GLA 250 and GLA 220 CDI had seven-speed dual-clutch gearboxes as standard.
6957	The gold panning was at Liarsville after lunch and entertainment.
6958	The 'Good Beach Guide' produced annually by The Marine Conservation Agency has just delivered its verdict on our Yorkshire beaches.
6959	The good news is that no debt is ever too big to tackle, and the sooner you face up to your debts, the sooner you can start improving your situation.
6960	The government began to make plans to deal with any outcry caused by violence unleashed on the Derry protesters.
6961	"The government can sit by and watch as the economy tanks, or it can get it's act together and actually do something about it.
6962	The Government faces a legal challenge as two landlords looking to fight increase in taxes on buy to let investments raise over £50,000 in less than ten days via a crowdfunding platform.
6963	The government has fixed 10 October 2018 as the date for the next municipal elections.
6964	The Government has set out its plans to refine and improve the TEF through testing at subject level, and has introduced a supplementary metrics using the Longitudinal Educational Outcomes survey and data on grade inflation.
6965	The government hopes its Bill will make the tax system fairer by tackling avoidance and evasion.
6966	The government is in contact with private blocks to ensure they are testing their cladding and also their fire safety regulations.
6967	The Government's initial response to the debates we had on this matter was pivotal in breaking the deadlock in Committee.
6968	The Graham Arms and Longtown make an ideal touring base for Scotland s Solway Coast & Border Regions the English Lake District Kielder Forest Hadrian s Wall romantic Gretna Green and of course the historic City of Carlisle.
6969	The Grampian Assessor & Electoral Registration Office covers the local authority areas of Aberdeen City Council, Aberdeenshire Council and The Moray Council and is organised on a divisional basis with offices in Aberdeen, Banff and Elgin.
6970	The grave owner will need to arrange the necessary remedial work with an approved memorial mason within this period; these memorial masons should undertake the repair up to a minimum standard as recommended by NAMM or equivalent.
6971	The group suggested that these properties could be vacated and used by those in temporary housing, which currently costs around £18,000 per year, per tenant.
6972	The group's weekly seminar was conducted in the manner presumed of those gathered in Friends' Meeting Houses; and so, inevitably, the group came to be known as the "Quakers".
6973	The GT500 also gets a new launch control system and uprated brakes including six-piston calipers at the front.
6974	The guide announced as we were finishing that tips for her and the driver would be happily accepted.
6975	The Hampstead Heath Extension links the garden suburb to the rest of the Heath and offers miles of country walks in the middle of the city.
6976	The happy outcome for all, particularly Sue's father was a family hitherto unknown was reunited.
6977	The Harlow athlete also set a time of 1:34.67 over 800m later in the day to show his solid form, and he is keen to keep that up in the 400m later in the schedule.
6978	The has identified life sciences as one of the priority sectors that have huge potential to support econo.
6979	The Hawley Arms in Camden London - For live indie jams, celeb spotting and for just going wild, the Hawley is the bar to be at.
6980	The HCSB ran courses for Governors of schools and -cart offered support to them as well.
6981	The head also was that of a lamb, with four ears: but whether this prodigy was significant of misfortune to any one is unknown.
6982	The headlines in the local paper referred to the money involved.
6983	The head of this is carved with a fine grid and zigzag patterns (
6984	The HebWeb has one of the leaflets.
6985	The hedgerows surrounding this small meadow are mentioned in the Hatfield, Throne and Fishlake Enclosure Award of 1825 which shows that this site has been grassland for hundreds of years.
6986	The Hermitage of Braid, Blackford Hill and Braidburn Park are fantastic for outdoor activities and for walking the extensive Pentland Hills Country Park is situated nearby at Hillend, also home to a dry ski-slope.
6987	The high-definition image enables users to explore word and text side by side and offers a unique insight into Smith’s choice of the 16th century work.
6988	The highest total for a first half year in Liverpool occurred in 2013 when a total of 2,402 were formed.
6989	The HiQ network uses a franchise system, meaning each of our 126 centres is owned and run by a local team.
6990	The historic landscape area includes quite a number of prehistoric burial and ritual monuments, most notably circular cairns and ring cairns, which are important indicators of early land use and settlement.
6991	The history centre brings together printed and written materials which throw light on the history of Oxfordshire.
6992	The history of this is interesting.
6993	The Hollywood FT7 spare tyre rack installs directly on to the spare tyre mounting bolts for both centred and side mounting tyres.
6994	The Holm Lane outfit completed their fourth win in four with a sizeable away victory last Saturday.
6995	The homes along the road to Paradise are obviously those of very poor families but they are all dressed immaculately, particularly the women who seem to wear their ‘Sunday best’.
6996	The homes are finished in a mix of high quality stone and render, while interiors include AEG integrated appliances, bi-fold doors, turfed rear gardens, and bathrooms with fitted vanity units and Porcelanosa tiles.
6997	The homes are ready for occupation by Christmas and PX is available.
6998	The home side made a nervous start but had two good chances to score in the first half with Jason Brame and Richard Gibson shooting over and wide.
6999	The home to Frisbee Golf last summer – this bay has it all going on.
7000	The hotel was the perfect location for our day.
7001	The house has everything necessary for a holiday - well equipped kitchen, lots of space, a television & DVD player (teenagers) and it remained cool d…
7002	The House Price Statistics for Small Areas (HPSSAs) can be produced and published within four months of the latest complete Price Paid data being published by the Land Registry, which itself is made available on a monthly basis.
7003	The house, though homely, is clean; and the people seem content with the provisions, which are supplied by tender.
7004	The House will be aware that, as my hon. and learned Friend said, a new case of Ebola has been confirmed in Sierra Leone.
7005	The HR-V is only available with two-wheel drive, which helps to keep down running costs, but it won’t appeal to everyone.
7006	The hubs are coordinated by the Family Support Service (FSS) and involve a range of practitioners who contribute to the local Early Help offer.
7007	The ICE Council at its meeting on Tuesday 17 April agreed that in addition to the usual Council elections, proposed changes to our Royal Charter, By-laws and Regulations be put to ICE members in the ballot this year.
7008	The ICO will investigate the complaint and assess whether you have complied with the requirements of RPSI.
7009	The idea of anything being “definitive” or “the last word” is just laughable.
7010	The idea of being respected for their efforts is a massive motivational tool as this is essentially what all players look to achieve.
7011	The idea of having a strong guarantor is based largely on trust.
7012	The IFS built its forecast by modelling supply and demand factors with researchers from the Health Foundation, alongside the NHS Confederation.
7013	The IGAU will be producing more detailed briefings on local economic strategies and wages and work later in the year.
7014	The impact of the loss of expenditure in the local economy was devastating.
7015	The impact of the pilot was mixed overall.
7016	The impacts of abstracting water directly from rivers or aquifers can be wide-ranging.
7017	The importance of a robust complaints procedure should be seen as an important mechanism by all Council staff to help drive through and deliver the improvement programme which underpins this Council’s priority of achieving excellence.
7018	The importance of the certifications made by the Association cannot be overstressed and it is the responsibility of the Board of Management to ensure the validity of the certifications being made on its behalf by authorised signatories.
7019	The impressive, spacious kitchen diner runs right across the back of the house making it the ideal hub for modern family life.
7020	“The incident was dealt with by on-event security and Sussex Police were notified as a precaution.
7021	The Income Tax Act bars individuals transferring a source of income into a company for tax purposes.
7022	The independent Law Commission has also called for change in this area.
7023	The Indicator Methodology Assurance Service (IMAS) at the Health and Social Care Information Centre (HSCIC) wants to gather your views in developing a national Library of Quality Assured Indicators.
7024	The industry standard shifting capabilities of Shimano's 11 speed 105 groupset are matched with class leading TRP Spyre mechanical disc brakes to give you reliable stopping power and control.
7025	The infection may have come from contaminated food, however many infectious diseases can be transmitted through non food routes such as environmental sources.
7026	The information board displayed at the Lowestoft evacuees reunion last year.
7027	The information provided here will help you to make an informed choice about how to feed your baby.
7028	The information you provide will be kept for 6 months whether you have been shortlisted or not.
7029	The information you provide will be used only by Simplyhealth for the purpose of recruitment and selection.
7030	The Inland Revenue will send you a form in your first year of business to confirm your company details.
7031	The inn also has 23 plush bedrooms where you can enjoy a country living experience.
7032	The Inquiry and the University of Huddersfield are asking organisations to let us know about any unpublished literature or ongoing research in this area.
7033	The Inquiry is concerned that funding pressures on agencies make it difficult for them to fully meet their other statutory obligations and to increase investment in the prevention of child sexual abuse.
7034	The Inspector will compile a report based on their visit and any other information available.
7035	The Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM) has that anyone caught using a justWatch when driving will be be hit with the same punishment as if they had been using a mobile phone.
7036	The international survey of hospital emergency department (ED) staff has found a gap in knowledge when dealing with child traumatic stress and providing emotional support to children admitted to hospital after injury.
7037	The ‘Introduction and Overview’ part comprises of three chapters.
7038	The invitations have been sent out and we now officially have a date for Apple’s next big event.
7039	The IORP Directive governs the activities of occupational pension schemes within the European Union.
7040	Their 3-2 victory lifted the Marketmen up to 18th place in the Bostik Premier table and, more importantly, put a nine-point gap between themselves and Burgess Hill – the basement side – only one team is relegated.
7041	Their employability programme for 16-19 year olds is 2-years long and aims to give young people the confidence to go on to further education, or pursue a career that they never dreamed they could achieve.
7042	Their hope is that one can be placed at Chester Park School, which Conor attended, and another at Morrisons supermarket.
7043	Their lack of any ideological anchor, or even clear, strong strategies, means they have little to be loyal to and little sense of being a group of people on a mission.
7044	Their meeting is documented, but what was said is lost to history.
7045	Their nose, disposition, and trainability make them particularly suitable for these types of activities.
7046	Their physical, emotional and educational needs.
7047	Their reasoning behind the experiment was to definitively answer a question as old as the brand itself - as well as settling a score between the two teams they sponsor.
7048	Their response, in both cases, was that they would lodge the details with their investigations team and if at the year end they were not resolved they would be in touch.
7049	Their times for this were : Eve Doe in 41.49 and Jan McLuckie in 45.52.
7050	Their wealth of knowledge will help you to see far more than you would ever manage alone, taking you off the tourist trail to become fully immersed in local culture.
7051	Their work involves monitoring the data halls, managing the different platforms, installing new equipment into cabinets, networking and manning the data centre helpdesk.
7052	The Isle of Portland is technically not an island as it is attached to the mainland by a remarkable shingle bank known as Chesil Beach which parts company from the mainland near Abbotsbury and meets the ‘Isle’ after eight miles.
7053	The issue of travellers across the borough has been ongoing for months, with camps being evicted from a number of locations over the summer.
7054	The issue will be where commercial landlords attempt to use a failed EPC as grounds to end a lease.
7055	The Jets’ absence is due to the closure of the for refurbishment plus delays to the presence of a temporary rink.
7056	The journey continued when she took a junior position at a leading people development company, Insights ( ), in 2008 and her career began to take off.
7057	The Ju-Ju-Be Be Classy Changing Bag in Black Out is the perfect handbag and messenger style changing bag for Mum's on the go!
7058	The July de-escalation agreement for southern Syria concluded by Russia, the US and Jordan has generally ensured relative quiet on the ground.
7059	The key is determining where your "place of business" is located, and whether the activity undertaken at the home-office is wholly and exclusively undertaken for the purpose of your business.
7060	“The key issue is investment and how it is going to happen,” said Dr Giulietti.
7061	The kids, and so the kids are worse than the teachers, not the teachers worse than the kids, and her sister Fara says, “No, no, but the teachers could be a wee bit more helpful when it comes towards the kids.
7062	The King and Queen were provided with capacious armchairs and presented with playbills printed on silk.
7063	The kitchen is situated on the ground floor with a small step (80mm/3ins) up from the lounge.
7064	The lack of Ethernet interface may deter some potential users, but its speed, quality and running costs will appeal to many people – just as long as you make the effort to shop around for good prices on those replacement ink cartridges.
7065	The ladies were due to host a tri-team tournament involving themselves, Caithness and Annan but when that fell through officials managed to obtain a replacement fixture at Fort Matilda against Inverness Ladies set for noon on Sunday.
7066	The lad was returned to his parents at lunchtime today after the police announced that they were 'satisfied about his identity'.
7067	The lady’s maid reported directly to Ellen and the chauffeur appears to have reported directly to Charles.
7068	The large LCD display means that it is ideal for people with visual impairments, as well as people who suffer from dementia.
7069	The large-scale keeping of livestock in Cambridgeshire is unusual, but one of the obligations of the University Farm is to provide adequate teaching material for the Department of Veterinary Medicine.
7070	The last date of revision will appear on the policy.
7071	The last few weeks have been busier than ever for him, sitting A-level in music, physics, maths and history at Ysgol Brynhyfryd in Ruthin.
7072	The last two weeks were nothing short of life changing.
7073	The latest 3G technology replicates the perfect playing conditions and installed 3G pitches should meet RFL and IRB guidelines and accreditations for safety and performance.
7074	The latest advances in contact lens technology have led to the development of new types of disposable soft contact lens that can be worn overnight.
7075	The latest announcement lends weight to that revised timetable.
7076	The latest fashion fad sweeping the country is vintage clothing from eras as far back as the 1920s.
7077	The latest information from One Manchester on fire safety in their high-rise blocks can be found here.
7078	The latest on Watford's plans to expand Vicarage RoadChairman Scott Duxbury hopes the Hornets will close in on a plan 'sooner rather than later'
7079	The Latics have been in fine form this season with the likes of Will Grigg and Max Power looking impressive.
7080	The latter is important as some areas of the building will have restricted access, yet we still want staff to be able to collaborate with each other.
7081	The latter term seems to me to be associated with burying the idea that fundamental social change is needed to get rid of women’s oppression.
7082	The lawful basis will be different dependant on the relationship you have with us and what we do with your personal data.
7083	The law has not been tested here in the UK over whether security searches should be paid or unpaid time at work.
7084	The Leader stated that the budget delivered for Croydon whilst protecting front-line services.
7085	The LEA presently makes provision for pupils for what it considers necessary above compulsory school or college age to be transported free of charge to the nearest suitable school or college, on routes which are commissioned to provide transport.
7086	The legal and regulatory framework within which buildings are constructed.
7087	The legislation sets stringent standards for exhaust emissions, limiting the amount of harmful nitrous oxide (NOx) gasses and hydrocarbons which can be produced and emitted per kilometre by a road vehicle.
7088	The length was altered for me.
7089	The Leprosy Mission England and Wales is based in Peterborough, England.
7090	The letter then goes onto mention Tommy’s childhood sweetheart, Jacky, who he married last year after 25 years together, with help from Hartlepool cancer charity Miles For Men.
7091	The level of contact was just right.
7092	The library is run by volunteers, in partnership with North Yorkshire County Council and Great Ayton Parish Council.
7093	The licensing and enforcement of nurses' agencies is carried out by the Care Quality Commission.
7094	The lights in the trees around Memorial Garden and along Strait Bargate had to be removed because they were unsafe and the wiring was cutting into the trees and damaging them.
7095	The likelihood of a pane of annealed glass suffering from a thermally induced crack will be greatly influenced by the condition of the pane edge.
7096	The limited edition dress had everyone from fashion editors, bloggers and shopping enthusiasts raving about it.
7097	The line between Dovey Junction and Pwllheli was authorised as part of the Aberystwyth & Welsh Coast Railway on 22 July 1861 but, owing to difficulties in crossing the Dyfi estuary, progress was slow on the northern section.
7098	The line deviated from the original line at what became known as Liverpool Exchange Junction, and it rejoined the original route just south of the upper level of the Great Howard Street goods station.
7099	The list brought order to chaos.
7100	The Local Government Financial Settlement (LGFS) announced in December 2015 and finalised on 7th February 2016 signalled a fundamental shift in the structure and sources of funding for local authorities.
7101	The local government grant will be gradually phased out.
7102	The Lodge Manager is also on hand if you have any day to day queries or issues, so you'll have someone to report anything to.
7103	The London Met career mentoring programme matches current students with professional mentors.
7104	“The longer the game went on I think both teams didn’t want to lose it rather than go and win it,” Coleman added.
7105	The loos could be accessed from the courtyard from one of three doors, leading to the ‘cubicles’.
7106	The Loose Women presenter revealed her boyfriends reaction to her hairy legs…
7107	The Lord-Lieutenant is always pleased to be invited to visit organisations in Oxfordshire – voluntary, statutory, or business.
7108	The loss of several northern race-meetings during the first half of December, as a result of frost and snow, means that many stables have a back-log of horses raring to go for the festive period.
7109	The LTA have worked closely with Sport Psychology experts from Loughborough University to develop the programme and offer support to parents nurturing the next generation of players.
7110	The Lunnasting War Memorial.
7111	The Mace, as used today, derives from the original mace used as a weapon.
7112	The machines from Miele Professional have one thing in common.
7113	The MacLennan Scottish Group is a group of Scottish Dance and Music performers from the London area of the United Kingdom.
7114	The main difference between them, apart from the price tag, is that Gucci’s are made from patent leather, while New Look’s have a soft satin finish.
7115	The main entrance to the school will be provided with a new reception area.
7116	The main menu has a great selection of meat, fish dishes, along with soup, spring rolls and bruschetta.
7117	The main positive contributors to performance included Next, Reckitt Benckiser, Compass, British American Tobacco and Reed Elsevier, which are beneficiaries of investors’ hunt for yield following the announcement of QE from the ECB.
7118	The main reason we cancelled our 2019 cruises was due to low customer demand.
7119	The main room is a sensory delight with a ball pool, hanging chairs, water bed and colourful lights and there was also a relaxing room for those that needed a break.
7120	The main trading partner was Japan, which took 61 thousand tonnes, with only 6.3 thousand tonnes shipped to its nearest neighbour, the US.
7121	The main work involved replacing the existing road and pavements with the new narrower road and wider pavements in the same style of Westbourne Street.
7122	The majority of appliances listed in the have efficiencies well above these minimum, pass mark, values.
7123	The majority of the accommodation is single occupancy and the wings hold on average 38 women.
7124	The majority of their fleet activity involves the collection of municipal and commercial refuse and recycling materials, and the transfer of waste and materials to and from sorting and treatment facilities.
7125	The majority of the property we own is in and around the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital sites, or elsewhere within Lambeth and Southwark, but we also hold significant assets outside London.
7126	The major supermarkets are all well represented.
7127	The Making of the Poor as Biological Subjects in 19th Century England takes place on Thursday 26 October at 6pm in Medecroft 16, University of Winchester, Sparkford Road, Winchester, Hampshire, SO22 4NR.
7128	The male takes the lead in looking after the young.
7129	The manager of the investment trust makes the decision as to what assets are bought in order to build a diversified portfolio - they can be used as a simple and cost effective way to diversify your holdings.
7130	The Manchester South Junction & Altrincham Railway - Frank Dixon - The Oakwood Press 1994.
7131	The manual grants process will only be ‘turned off’ when it is certain that the new products are working effectively.
7132	The married dad-of-two couldn't afford to walk away from his truck mechanic job.
7133	The massage I had was probably one of the best I had received in a long time in any salon.
7134	The massive street mobilisations that followed the mild treatment of Mubarak and his officials in their trial for the repression directed at the rising of 25 January 2011 were another sign of the enduring power of the revolution.
7135	The master bedroom is a large double with dual aspect windows to the front and rear, bedroom two is also a generous double with a deep curved bay window to the front whilst bedroom three is a single bedroom with views across the rear garden.
7136	The material on the Website may be out of date, and we make no commitment to update such material.
7137	The materials will be used in the students’ practical classes, giving them ‘real life’, hands on experience.
7138	The meetings are quarterly, dates for meetings are decided at the meeting and are advertised on the PPI notice boards at each of our sites, and on this Practice Website.
7139	The meeting was the first of its kind in the Midlands and was attended by 166 man and about 15 members of staff.
7140	The MEIF is providing £250m through loans of £25,000 to £2m to growing businesses.
7141	The Member initiating the debate is Alex Norris MP.
7142	The men, aged 19 and 43, already in police custody, were further arrested on suspicion of murder after the victim, a man in his 20s, died yesterday following the incident at Morrisons on Monday night.
7143	The MEng degrees with year in industry are five-year courses where students study advanced engineering technologies and also develop additional knowledge in aspects of management and commercial practice within industry.
7144	The men’s midweek Stableford was won by Peter Gould with 34 points off 15.
7145	The Mercedes S-Class has long been the transport of choice for top-ranking officials and wealthy lovers of luxury alike, but there’s far more to it than just beautifully stitched leather.
7146	The Met Office has again urged caution for road users and those travelling as sub-zero temperatures as icy roads make conditions treacherous.
7147	The midwife will ask questions to build up a picture of you and your pregnancy.
7148	The Mindful Chef invites you to leave the hard work for them.
7149	The mine really took off in the 1860s, when the Pease family extended the Stockton and Darlington Railway to Skinningrove and (Joseph) Pease and partners took over ownership of the Loftus Mine.
7150	The minister met with the College’s business and administration apprentices to talk about their experiences on their programmes.
7151	The Minister of State, Ministry of Justice (Lord Faulks) (Con): My Lords, I thank the noble and learned Lord, Lord Woolf, for his helpful explanation of the amendment to Clause 8 in his name, and for helpfully setting out the concerns that lie behind it.
7152	The minister stressed that “you don’t play about when it comes to matters of the environment and of sovereignty”.
7153	The mish-mash of atheistic intolerance and children’s rights and victimology that is fuelling today’s anti-circumcision outlook could have some serious consequences for religious freedom.
7154	The MMus in Sonic Arts is an opportunity to explore a wide range of creative approaches to studio-based music, including fixed-media composition, improvisation systems, sound art…
7155	The Mobile Guest App is already packed with features that your clients love, including the ability to book appointments, meet your team, browse your latest Facebook updates, and check out your hot specials.
7156	The model is an approach to gender violence and bullying prevention that was first developed in 1993 at North-eastern University in America.
7157	The modern wood and steel bridge has replaced the miniature pack-horse bridge built in 1969 by the West Riding Ramblers in memory of Arthur Adamson which was swept away by floods in 2009.
7158	The module performs feasibility checks by cost estimation and resource management.
7159	'The modules provide detailed analysis of different problems every practitioner will face in the business world, which really improves your legal and commercial insight.'
7160	The module will highlight the historical and state of the art applications of microbes as useful organisms, and you will have hands-on opportunities to explore how microbes can be used for the production of biopharmaceuticals.
7161	The monument comprises at least four major Roman buildings and a variety of associated structures and features.
7162	The more we raise, the better.
7163	The morning was dull and cheerless.
7164	The MORPHY RICHARDS 720004 steam tank is a portable, compact steam cleaner that can help you achieve a deep clean all around your home.
7165	The most common cause is Graves’ disease, which is an autoimmune disease.
7166	The most common error we make in writing is to repeat words either in the same paragraph or even in the same sentence.
7167	The most important coal-owner was the firm of William Baird & Company, which came to the Twechar area about 1860 and developed extensive mining operations there.
7168	The most important thing is we were not thrown together, we stared it as a hobby and had no ambitions and it still is just a hobby, it has just got out of hand.
7169	The most obvious difference of course is that the Straggler has disc caliper mounts instead of rim brake studs.
7170	The most popular white car was the country’s seventh best-seller, the Volkswagen Polo.
7171	The most striking example of this is a 96% drop in nurses from the EU registering to practise in the UK between July 2016 and April 2017.
7172	The move had come in response to a shrinking market share, as blind tests suggested that many people preferred the taste of Pepsi.
7173	The movements, believed to have been substantially sketched out by Mozart, will be performed.
7174	The move to Microsoft Azure – which manages data and online platforms from a global network of data centres – has made the Motors.
7175	The move to the cloud is often the catalyst for the training policy to be reviewed and perhaps renewed.
7176	The move towards a greener economy could also impact companies that produce cars, ships and planes, or use a lot of energy to make raw materials like steel and cement.
7177	The move will see recycling centres opening at 10am rather than noon Monday to Friday in some burghs, or at 1pm rather than 3pm for towns where there is later opening.
7178	The movie is based on King’s third published book and is arguably his most famous piece of literature.
7179	The Mozambican Tax Authority (AT) is considering whether the sale by the Brazilian company Vale of shares in its Mozambican operations to the Japanese company Mitsui is liable to capital gains tax.
7180	The MSc Applied Psychology ‘with Professional Experience’ runs for 18 months and is only available full-time.
7181	The mum-of-two had thought she had passed with half a dozen minors after taking the test at Herne Bay driving test centre.
7182	The Museum of Our Forgotten Selves is an interactive installation and audio-adventure exploring the experience of being a child between the ages of 0-3.
7183	The Museum separated from Dudley Council in April 1976, the staff of six were faced with the task of creating a viable museum on what then was a derelict piece of land with many old mine shafts and a water treatment works.
7184	The MyAsthma app is not intended to diagnose asthma or provide advice on medicines as this is the responsibility of the asthma patients’ healthcare professionals.
7185	Then about a year later, I had an orgasm which came and then it stuck.
7186	Then a pull request would take the form of an email to the project owner detailing changes to the source code.
7187	The nationalisation of development rights was part of the post-war settlement, along with the nationalisation of health provision and of some heavy industries.
7188	The natural fibre means your Hat will fade over a few years of wear and become uniquely yours as a result.
7189	The NCA can effectively take over the tax powers from HMRC and raise an assessment for the tax owing plus penalties and interest.
7190	Then click on the insert/edit anchor button (the icon for it has an anchor on it).
7191	Then copy the URL from the browser address bar.
7192	Then, due to the Vietnam War, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the falling dollar and rising oil prices, that progress was deliberately stopped in the ‘70’s.
7193	The NEC is aware that some members of the union have and/are facing criminal proceedings for disclosing information to media.
7194	The Neroli, used in the best perfumes as Escale a Portofino” of Dior or Neroli Portofino of Tom Ford.
7195	The new 17-inch MacBook Pro gives Apple’s largest laptop the same ‘unibody’ makeover as the 15-inch range.
7196	The new 2012 iMacs are, like the 2011 models, available in two screen sizes: 21.5-inch (from £1,099) and 27-inch (from £1,499).
7197	The new Benefit Cap will apply to some people straight away on 7 November 2016 and it will apply to other people later on.
7198	The new camera offers plenty of extras including Portrait Mode and, while it's not as good as some of the flagship rivals, still produces some good photos.
7199	The new change is that existing Instructors are also required to sit the new course - from now on courses are valid for three years.
7200	‘The new Digital Resilience curriculum helps crystalise key skills that young people need to manage online risk in any situation’
7201	The new ergonomic design is extremely easy and comfortable to hold and is suitable for use with Gauntlets/PPE equipment if required.
7202	The new extension is scheduled for handover in June 2018, enabling the school to enjoy their new facilities ahead of the Summer vacation period.
7203	The new farmhouse is located on our organic farm just over one mile from the historic village of Corfe Castle.
7204	The new generation middle rings have two pairs of shortened teeth to assist down-shifting.
7205	The “New Jerusalem” they established in the town eliminated private property in gold and silver.
7206	The New Leon Cupra 280 is the most exciting Cupra we have ever made.
7207	The new local owner aims to breathe fresh life into the Grade-II* listed building for residential and commercial use.
7208	The newly-formed Stretcher Railing Society are looking to identify and save the stretcher railing fences for future generations.
7209	The newly launched Lexus LC has been accorded the title of best coupé in the 2018 UK Car of the Year awards.
7210	The new Mac Pro was faster in every test except the Cinebench CPU test, which was 10 percent faster on the 12-core system.
7211	The new Marshalls PlayPave range is available in a myriad of exciting and vibrant colours to stimulate children’s sensory experiences.
7212	The new Museum of Science and Industry website has launched today, created by Numiko.
7213	The new planting schemes were driven by local residents and are another example of how the council likes to do things: working with residents, rather than doing things to them.
7214	The new play equipment includes balance beams and ropes, a clambering wall, a swinging hammock and more.
7215	The new rules, which represent the most significant legislative change to the process since the introduction of the Insolvency Act in 1986, mean more say for creditors who find themselves affected by the financial fall-out of a formal insolvency.
7216	The new service to Stockholm will start on 31 October 2017, operating twice weekly on an A319 aircraft on Mondays and Thursdays year round with fares starting from £26.49* one-way.
7217	The new service will include a meeting with a fully qualified, specialist commercial property solicitor who will review the terms of the lease and provide advice on any major issues, the significant terms and any matters of concern.
7218	The newspaper had complied with its obligation to correct significant inaccuracies, but given the seriousness of the breach of Clause 1 (i), the appropriate remedy was publication of the Committee’s adjudication.
7219	The new Sustainable Development Goals have enshrined further progress into our global agenda until 2030.
7220	The news will undoubtedly come as a welcome relief to many households currently in financial difficulty.
7221	The new vehicles will help the company serve the 5000 properties that it maintains in Norfolk.
7222	The next and last stage was to create the AR experience.
7223	The next of kin of ex-armed forces are also entitled to claim any medals that had not been awarded.
7224	The next phase of the louse digitisation project is to get information from the specimen labels into a digital format to facilitate on-going research.
7225	The next step is to remove the malt draining brick from plugging the bung-hole in the mash bucket, replacing it with a mashing strom, or wicker strainer, to keep the grain and hops from flowing into the drained liquor.
7226	The next two reports in the Consumer Engagement series will explore the ways in which people engage currently, and how behavioural interventions might work alongside other policy levers to help people to achieve better outcomes from pensions.
7227	The night is the latest regular stand-up night to come to Inverness, as the city experiences somewhat of a renaissance in terms of its comedy scene.
7228	Then in the back, Nissan claim to have class leading head and knee room, but I just can’t quite see how they came to this conclusion.
7229	Then in the “Contracts” page you can specify the invoice theme to use for each contract.
7230	Then it took a long time for them to actually send an engineer.
7231	The normal figure for invalid votes is anywhere between one and four per cent.
7232	The North York Moors landscape is one of the most heavily wooded in northern England and has one of the largest concentrations of veteran and ancient trees.
7233	The Notes from Underground return with some of the most interesting acts from the Alternative Folk and the London Poetry scene.
7234	The Notice will state clearly what the breach is, what must be done to put the matter right and how long they have.
7235	Then post it, along with a completed Bank Giro slip, at least 4 working days before it’s due.
7236	Then prepare a firm, level seedbed a month before you plan to sow.
7237	Then, quite suddenly, everything changed.
7238	Then stock up on gifts, decorations, local epicurean specialities and party accessories.
7239	The number before that date is uncertain, since in 1272 William of Tragev was admitted to half of the church, formally that of John of Winchester.
7240	The numbered descriptions correspond with the numbered labels on the consultation drawing.
7241	The number of outstanding discrepancies in tax records then rose from 2.4 million to 4.6 million.
7242	The number one purpose of financial services is to serve the real economy, he said.
7243	Then using a wrench or a Ratchet/Socket, remove the spark plug.
7244	Then we did an activity of giving the children a code to break using the pictures of the animals, which kept them occupied, so I could change back into my magicians outfit for the night time relax activity!
7245	Then you will feel right at home at Bangkok's new 'death awareness' cafe, where customers are urged to confront their own mortality with skeleton-shaped snacks and morbidly-named drinks.
7246	The ocelot and clouded leopard are medium-sized predators sub-dominant to the larger-sized jaguar in South America and leopard in Asia respectively.”
7247	The offences allegedly took place between the 1960s and 1980s at the school he worked at, which cannot be named for legal reasons.
7248	The offer entitles Southeastern Rewards members to two Dancebuzz taster classes for the price of one on the Dancebuzz website.
7249	The Office for Budget Responsibility – the independent body that provides the figures for these occasions – has downgraded its forecasts due to the uncertainty thrown up by the EU referendum result.
7250	The office have donated food which will in turn be made into food parcels for those that are most in need of food over the festive period These will be handed over to people in the Norwich and surrounding areas.
7251	The officers are highly skilled with many years of experience and attend collision scenes within a relatively short space of time after the incident.
7252	The official Twin Peaks Facebook page has announced a massive cast list for the new series.
7253	The Ofsted letter released today praises the quality and impact of early help work and how it is improving children’s outcomes.
7254	The old bathroom was so out-dated, right from the tiles to the shell suite!
7255	The Old England also serves up treats in its dining room, and I can heartily recommend booking the dinner-inclusive option rather than just the B&B (although the breakfast is a winner, too).
7256	The older the vehicle, the more work it has likely to have been through and the poorer condition it will be in.”
7257	The old Georgian manor house of Shaw Hill provides a venue of distinction and grandeur on your special day.
7258	The old market in Scarborough is interesting.
7259	The old workhouses, rented in the various townships, were given up.
7260	The ongoing and persistent nature of the crisis at Stormont is rooted in its creation.
7261	The only purpose for such a shift regime would be to allow the workers to take other jobs, in the informal economy, to augment their low wages.
7262	The only type of bullying schools must record is racist bullying.
7263	The only way to make decent chips.
7264	The operators have a responsibility to make sure that that happens, and I do not want to take that responsibility away from them.
7265	“The opinions of members of the public who come to Bolton are important to us, because you can tell us about problem areas or areas that make you feel unsafe, which we might never have known about otherwise.”
7266	The opportunity is massive.
7267	The opulent Chuan Spa, at the Langham Hotel in London, draws inspiration from traditional Chinese medicine for many of its treatments.
7268	The orchard is also as a community space for formal and informal events.
7269	The organisation is set up to make financial distributions to individuals or organisations, where it can be demonstrated that any financial assistance will have a positive impact on the lives of individuals.
7270	The organisation predicts that these late payment practices can lead to 50,000 UK businesses going to the wall every year.
7271	The organisation will also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers.
7272	The organisation will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area.
7273	The original 1993 movie had chains of driverless Ford Explorers rolling through the park on safari.
7274	The original scales used to weigh the jockeys ahead of racing remain onsite and are available to be incorporated into any occasion.
7275	The original sources listed were the Financial Times and the Daily Telegraph.
7276	The ORR has now approved those plans – which means Greater Anglia is confident of running a full service during the next two-day strike.
7277	The other parents must have thought I was useless.
7278	The other part of the game features princess-on-princess action in a kind of multiplayer arena brawl, and the whole thing plays out with the sort of annoying synthesizer soundtrack that accompanied all those old '80s arcade games.
7279	The others will be built in Guro district, Manica province, and in Namacurra, in Zambezia province.
7280	The other view was expressed in the famous headline after the 1992 general election 'It's Wot Won It'.
7281	The other way to get it is on orders of $100 or more.
7282	The outsole of the Adidas Kanadia 7 TR GTX features Traxion which is a superbly engineered outsole lug design that offers the boot multi-directional grip and multi-surface traction without putting extra pressure on the foot.
7283	The overall impression gained from the inspection was generally positive.
7284	The owner of the property is willing for the lamp to be reconnected so clerk needs to now obtain permission from the County Council.
7285	The owner''s previous experience includes many years working as a television service engineer so the technical knowledge and customer service skills give the company an advantage in the installation sector.
7286	The P5+1 must stand firm if Iran will not accept any-time inspections of all suspect sites or come clean on possible military dimensions of the nuclear programme, as suspected by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
7287	The page will then refresh and you will then get a message which confirms that the promotion code has been added.
7288	The painting is recorded in Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild's ‘Red Book’ which he printed privately in 1897 and lists his collection of favourite works of art and pictures at Waddesdon.
7289	The pairing is just one of the highlights for this year's festival, which celebrates reading and the wide-range of services available in South Ayrshire's libraries.
7290	The pair will be performing at the Convent in Woodchester on Wednesday 21st September at 8pm.
7291	The Panel noted that Dr Babak claimed during her oral evidence to have a ‘remarkable memory’, but when she was asked questions about the complaint letter she received from the Complainants her responses were vague.
7292	The Panel was concerned that the Teacher was seeking to frustrate the proceedings and avoid the hearing.
7293	The Panel was informed of the following points:-
7294	The Pan Fried Skate Wing and Popcorn Shrimp…divine and the sharing dessert – oh my!
7295	The paper says since arriving in the UK in 2004 Mourinho has been paid – get his – £120m in salary.
7296	The paradox is that Blair is seeking to abandon even the most right wing version of reformism at the very moment that a huge audience for reformist politics has emerged.
7297	The paralegal-to-trainee programme offers a practical approach to starting out in the legal profession.
7298	The parapet of Melbourne Street bridge has been taken down to be re-built.
7299	The Parish Council is seeking to establish a register of skills and resources as we reported in January's edition; and we ask all residents to look at it at www.girton-cambs.org.uk/emergency and respond as possible.
7300	The partnership said it was proposing to close early on Fridays to release teachers from classes for planning, preparation and assessment time.
7301	The path gets muddier and swings right, then left, then right again, to join another path.
7302	The path is signed to turn left around reception and out onto Daleside Road (grid ref.
7303	The path through the playing field is also used by people who use the Spar shop.”
7304	The path you'll follow on this walk was designed by Lancelot 'Capability' Brown when he visited Dinefwr in 1775.
7305	The patrons behind this liberal, and growing, gift are Nicholas and Judith Goodison – London residents with strong connections to Cambridge.
7306	The payment page will also confirm your and our terms and conditions.
7307	The PbR mechanism carries costs and risks that government has often underestimated.
7308	The penultimate stage of the World Tour level event goes from Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire to Cheltenham in Gloucestershire on Saturday September 9, passing through several villages within the Vale.
7309	The people are fantastic and very warm and friendly.
7310	The percentage of female directors in Croydon in 2012 was 24.0%.
7311	The perception that Mitt Romney hasn't sealed the deal.
7312	The perfect companion to the IPA Foundation Certificate.
7313	The perfect place to relax with hospitable and discreet hosts.
7314	The performance of the labour market and the growth of self-employment have been among the defining characteristics of the UK’s recent economic recovery.
7315	The person seen running from the scene is described as a bald white man.
7316	" the person who places an order to buy the Service.
7317	The Peter Scott centenary walk – explore the wet woodland habitat with its bird hides and wild bird feeding area.
7318	The Peugeot 206 has a wide range of engine choices.
7319	The phrase ‘“Bill!” cried the girl, striving to lay her head upon his breast’ (p.452) suggests that Nancy needs Bill, as an emotional as well as physical support.
7320	The Ping G400 Hybrid is the ideal option when gapping your set for those mid-long distance shots.
7321	The planning application fees received by the Council do not cover the cost of the pre-application advice service.
7322	The planning process included the allocation of resources and manpower to achieve de-commissioning of the site within a three-month window.
7323	The plans include changes to taxi and private hire car licensing, proposals for clean air zones, reductions in public transport emissions and more use of park and rides.
7324	The platform is a big data solution using cutting-edge open source application components and hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS).
7325	The platform simultaneously offers the ‘man with a van’ access to customers who need their help – filling gaps in the driver’s own schedule and providing an opportunity for van drivers and owners to earn some extra cash.
7326	The platform was shortened after closure to passengers for use by freight trains.
7327	The player nicknamed the Rocket generated plenty of headlines earlier in the tournament when he turned down the chance of a maximum break because he felt the 147 bonus of £10,000 was too low.
7328	The player was badly injured in the act of scoring and the game was halted for 30 minutes while he was treated.
7329	The play was first staged in the Belgrade’s B2 auditorium as part of the theatre’s reopening season in 2008.
7330	The pleasant style, allied to the improved capabilities, ensures that there is support for everyone suffering from age related hearing loss.
7331	The pledge outlines the County Councils promises to all children in care and to young people moving on from care to adult life.
7332	The plot is well placed for the centre of this popular village where are to be found an excellent choice of amenities, shops and schools and an easy drive to both the centres of Grimsby and Cleethorpes.
7333	The plural of anecdote is not data.
7334	The Police no longer have any responsibility towards stray dogs although they have a duty to deal with dangerous dogs.
7335	The policy has been adopted following consultation with a wide range of people including representatives of existing licence holders.
7336	The polls can often give you a good idea of the balance in a certain country and the chances of the different candidates or political parties.
7337	The popular walkway eventually opened to the public around 5pm on Sunday evening.
7338	The post holder in so doing will liaise closely with the Heads of Regional Development, Regional Operation Managers and other support departments such as Estates, SHEQ, Engineering, Legal, Finance and Operations.
7339	The pouch is of good quality.
7340	The powers that be always bang on about this but never really listen.
7341	The PPC management interfaces can be quite complex and there are a plethora of options which can be confusing.
7342	The practicalities of the forestry investment are not explained thoroughly, for example the length of time taken for trees to mature is dependent upon many variables which would affect the return rate for investors.
7343	The practice can needlessly jeopardise businesses throughout the whole supply chain, and for some, it can spell serious financial difficulties.
7344	The preheated tertiary air system fully optimises combustion and ensures high efficiency with low emission into the atmosphere.
7345	The premises occupy a prominent position opposite the cinema and close to the junctions of St, Mildreds Road, Station Road and Cuthbert Road.
7346	The premises shall not, for any purpose of the licence, be opened before 9am and shall not be kept open beyond 11pm.
7347	The Pre-Prep club complements the skills taught during the timetabled lesson and aims to develop individual water confidence, stroke technique, diving activities and some free playtime.
7348	The prescriptive quality of words makes them less open to a personal interpretation, yet they are nevertheless more easily misunderstood.
7349	The presence of Nonconformity gave a distinctive character to many communities.
7350	“The President’s best bet might well be to throw Jared under the bus and argue that he, and others in the campaign team, were up to things that The Donald knew nothing about and wouldn’t have approved of.”
7351	The prevalence of POSA for ODIs of <40 was 68%, and 35% if â‰¥40.
7352	The previous versions were reliable, but they also had their problems which would often turn out to be rather expensive to repair, having in mind the high class of the car.
7353	The price of Brent Crude was US$51.23 a barrel as of 30th May.
7354	The prison should be reopened next year.
7355	The prize includes two different concept designs for a home that meets your brief – allowing you to factor in your hopes and aspirations for your self-build dream home, and really get your project started.
7356	The prize money will help Ruth to aid other churches to set up similar projects with the idea of seeing spaces like Renew 37 opening across the country.
7357	The Prize was established in 1972 and is now the UK’s foremost history book award, recognising and celebrating books which combine excellence in historical research with readability for a general audience.
7358	The process involved:-
7359	The producing and the installation are processes that do not require a lot of time, so be sure that in a very short period of time, you can actually move in. but before that, you need to have enough money for that.
7360	The product allows Teachers, Head Teachers and Bursars to manage HR and Payroll information in a tailored, easy to use, front end.
7361	The product of Swiss expertise, this classic and traditional collection is inspired by formal yet elegant design.
7362	The product, which is part of the aptly named Classic Duo range, has been crafted from gauge steel of the finest quality.
7363	The professional indemnity insurance for this scope and fee is £5m for each and every event.”
7364	The Professorship of Science Education shall be limited to one tenure.
7365	The programme generally accepts applications each year from around November for entry the following September.
7366	The programme is designed to embed the importance of placing individuals at the heart of all care.
7367	The programme reaches beyond corporate interest alone to governments and NGO's, who also need high quality graduates with an excellent understanding of the energy sector.
7368	The programme started in 2014 and since then its volunteers have dedicated more than 4,200 hours of their time to giving free food growing advice and support to local people.
7369	The project comprises five integrated work packages.
7370	The project included all associated Mechanical and Electrical works along with Drainage, External Works and Landscaping.
7371	The project is designed for adults with all levels of physical capabilities, mental health difficulties and complex learning needs.
7372	The project team includes the university’s Dr Ivy Shiue (health), Dr Ludovico Carozza and Aparajithan Sivanathan (both computer science and engineering).
7373	The project, which started in April, will reduce the number of burst mains in the village, meaning a more reliable supply of water to customers’ taps.
7374	The promise that we can be forgiven and transformed to live life as it should be lived.
7375	The Propad Premier Mattress Overlay has been very cleverly designed to reduce friction to a minimum, whilst at the same time increasing the overall effective size of the support surface area, minimising peak pressures on the user.
7376	The property also benefits from having a parking space.
7377	The property also offers a good sized rear garden and off road parking with a double garage.
7378	The Property and Financial Affairs LPA gives your chosen attorneys control of your bank accounts and investments, and the ability to sell your house, if necessary.
7379	The property benefits from upvc double glazing, cavity wall insulation and has gas central heating, with the agents recommending a viewing to appreciate the size of accommodation on offer.
7380	The property boasts a wealth of fine features including under floor heating, triple aspect kitchen/diner, family room, lounge, utility room, two en suite shower rooms, double garage and ample parking.
7381	The property is approached via steps from Hillside road leading to a pathway through the front garden.
7382	The property is beautifully presented and would make an ideal first time buy or investment with a potential rental income of £800 PCM.
7383	The property is situated in a highly popular part of Allestree which provides fast access to the A6 and A38.
7384	The property itself may also become a useful can help you see if this could work for your child.
7385	The property looks like a character home, but built approximately 10 years ago, to a good standard throughout.
7386	The proposals are being dealt with as two Nationally Significant Infrastructure Projects.
7387	The proposal was prompted by the retirement of Mr Michael Singleton, who has been Senior Coroner for Blackburn and Darwen for over two decades.
7388	The proposed facilities for the school comprise a state-of-the-art building offering two teaching blocks, main hall, dining and reception areas, shared car parking, with access to hard court play areas, sports fields and leisure facilities.
7389	The protective treatment is always worth pursuing as it can’t do any harm if you are immune and at risk.
7390	The provision of public buildings designed and engineered to the highest standards has always been an objective that we strive for.
7391	The public internet is used to set up a virtual network in the form of a closed channel that enables employees to access the company’s internal intranet via secure access.
7392	The public vote will go live on Monday – the start of Local Newspaper Week – with the winner to be announced by News Media Association chairman David Dinsmore at the Regional Press Awards ceremony in London on Friday.
7393	The pumping station is part Southern Water’s £20 million investment to reduce the risk of sewer flooding in parts of Portsmouth and Southsea.
7394	The purity of our approach is in our independence; your business will maintain its banking relationships but unlike a bank who will profit from the sale of structured products, our interests are totally aligned with those of our clients.
7395	The purpose of making these points is not to engage in an abstract academic argument.
7396	The purpose of the early meeting was to set down principles for approval and inspection to help coordinate between the shell and fit out works.
7397	The Purpose of this scholarship is to provide assistance to applicants from the UK looking to join the MSc Applied Economics degree that may have difficulty paying fees or living costs as a consequence of financial difficulties.
7398	The quality is apparent from the get-go, with great sound absorption which gives you a really comfortable drive.
7399	The quality of individual studies has improved in recent years with more experimental — rather than correlational — studies available for inclusion in reviews.
7400	The questioning of the crude assumptions of the Modern Movement which began in the 1970s was very necessary and made British architecture better.
7401	“The RAC adds that British drivers visiting France……. will have to get used to ‘driving 10mph slower on A and B roads than they would at home’.
7402	The race for the Si.
7403	The Racehorse "Skim": a thoroughbred horse standing facing right with its bridle held by a jockey in 18th-century costume, with top boots and whip; part of a stone building to the left, a landscape including a lake in the background.
7404	'The rads feel like they belong in the room.
7405	The range provides an air and watertight seal where pipe pass through walls, into manholes, tanks, large diameter concrete and twinwall pipes and other underground and above ground structures.
7406	The ranking takes in to account the percentage of international staff, international student numbers and the proportion of research papers published with a co-author from at least one other country.
7407	Therapeutic work can be started from the time a child is placed with you, even if the Adoption Order has not yet been made.
7408	The RAT cost as little as £30 and users needed little technical knowledge to deploy it.
7409	The real challenge to our practice appears to come from the fact that we accept the separation of mother and baby as normal.
7410	‘The reality is that everyone is affected by stress, we just differ in how we respond,’ says Dr Julian Simmons, a research fellow at The University of Melbourne’s School of Psychological Sciences.
7411	There are 12 council-run secondary schools in the area, including a number of academies such as Harlaw, Oldmachar and Cults.
7412	There are 13 listed buildings (some attached dwellings) in the conservation area.
7413	There are 3 main types of asbestos still found in premises.
7414	There are 3 main ways people can add you on Snapchat: they can manually add you by your username, they can scan your Snap Code, or they can click on your Snapchat User URL on mobile which redirects to the app.
7415	There are 9000 players currently in Football Academies in the UK.
7416	There are about 15 people in each group and those aged 16 to 25 are eligible to take part in the scheme that can help improve job prospects.
7417	There are about ten staff in the kitchen and eight in the office.
7418	There are also excellent public transport links closeby.
7419	There are also plenty of options for motorists, as Burlington Car Park is located just three minutes’ walk away from the arcade, and it takes only four minutes to get there on foot from Arlington House Pure Parking.
7420	There are also several other optional activities offered by the lodge at an additional cost.
7421	There are an abundance of mature trees including a mulberry tree believed to date back 250 years as well as oaks, magnolias and a number of evergreen trees.
7422	There are a number of challenges involved in operating and evaluating community-based development (CBD) programmes, which place greater control of resources and decision-making in local hands.
7423	There are a number of different options open to you if you wish to take further action.
7424	There are a number of features that we have within the Website, including our Member Connect feature.
7425	There are a number of long standing conflicts--for example, on the Korean peninsula, between China and Taiwan, and over the oil rich Spratly Islands.
7426	There are a number of possible reasons for this: The applicant may have not secured a place in HE or may have chosen not to attend after all.
7427	There are a number of potential offences contrary to the Sexual Offences Act 2003 ("the 2003 Act") and prosecutors should select the most appropriate offence, which will provide the court with adequate sentencing powers.
7428	There are a number of well laid out footpaths to follow and a visitor centre with a cafe.
7429	There are approximately 12 traditional rows of grouse butts on Egton High Moor that enable Andrew and Ross to make strategic decisions for driving birds to the guns in all wind directions.
7430	There are apps for a wide range of their products which go through the installation and preparation for your computer.
7431	“There are a range of events in our area and I would encourage everyone to get involved in these exciting opportunities.”
7432	There are a range of grant and discount schemes which are available to those who wish to make their homes more energy efficient or want to install renewable technologies.
7433	There are a wide range of module options which draw on the research specialisms of the Archaeology Institute staff and these provide you with the flexibility to combine taught modules and dissertation research according to your own research interests.
7434	There are beautiful beaches, rolling hills, vineyards and a laid-back lifestyle.
7435	There are billions of pounds in lost pensions and bank accounts that are just waiting to be claimed.
7436	There are community groups meeting within the library most mornings and afternoons.
7437	There are community primary schools, voluntary aided schools, voluntary controlled schools, academies, special schools (for pupils with special educational needs) and early years centres.
7438	There are connecting buses at Warwick Bus Station to connect to Leamington, Kenilworth and Coventry.
7439	There are currently no reported disruptions to council run ferries.
7440	There are daily reports on how security gaps in applications are exploited – because hardly a day goes by without a new gap being discovered or a known gap being closed.
7441	There are different types of Juvéderm®, and your practitioner will advise which is best for you to achieve your desired your results.
7442	There are discount flights from this airport across Europe, but particularly to Spain.
7443	There are double glazed windows to all sides, double radiators, tiled floor and patio doors opening onto the garden.
7444	There are extensive woodland areas and open fields to wander around both within the grounds, as well as many local mountain walks to explore (joining onto the Beacons Way).
7445	There are four of the same houses which are freehold.
7446	There are good road links to the bypass and A421 and M1.
7447	There are great coastal activities nearby, particularly wind-surfing and kite-surfing, but please be aware that the tide can get dangerous so careful planning is essential.
7448	There are great walks for all standards and lovely little villages near by with good shops and cafes.
7449	There are latched windows with deep sills, exposed beams to the ceiling, and limed wood effect laminate flooring.
7450	There are lots of holidays coming up and of course it’s always someone’s birthday, so why not pick them up something special from this homegrown space in London?
7451	There are lots of scams happening every single day and the biggest give away is this - if it sounds too good to be true it probably is!
7452	There are lots of self catering options, from delightful apartments up to fancy villas for those who are part of a large group or simply wish to push the boat out.
7453	There are many articles by scientists and educators saying that kids can’t read because of bad teaching/ dystechia/ not been taught etc. However I have yet to see one article on what it is that is being taught wrongly.
7454	There are many myths and stereotypes surrounding the sexual abuse of children that actually get in the way of protecting children.
7455	There are many opportunities for integrative delivery of units within the award.
7456	There are many possibilities to integrate customer loyalty within the app that will result in a steady income.
7457	There are more opportunities to specialise and explore ideas alongside preparation for future careers through further skills training, and modules such as Creative Entrepreneurship and Production.
7458	There are more than 300 clubs in the UK and Ireland with over 7,500 members.
7459	There are net liabilities of £2.2m after recognising a FRS102 pension deficit of £1.39m, with net liabilities of £0.8m before the pension liability.
7460	There are no set entry requirements to become a podiatry assistant.
7461	There are no set qualifications required to enter this role but some presenting jobs require a degree (SCFQ level 9/10) in journalism or specialist subjects like sciences.
7462	There are no smoke trails under the footbridge, which suggests few trains so far.
7463	“There are not many opportunities to occupy such high quality vibrant space within a Grade I listed building in the heart of Leeds city centre.”
7464	There are now over 900 stores in more than 50 countries.
7465	THERE aren't many celebrities that would let themselves be filmed with no make-up on, but is one of them.
7466	There are of course a range of other kinds of common fake stories, and tropes that their writers rely on.
7467	There are only a few exceptions to this rule the Council's Housing Benefit department will be able to give you more information on this.
7468	There are only three screens to flick through.
7469	There are plenty of things you can do to treat your symptoms yourself, especially if they are mild.
7470	There are quite a lot of contemporary buildings around thanks to the major corporations who have decided to take up residence in the shadows of the pristine area.
7471	There are rugs, and cushions, wallpaper – including three rolls by Morris & Co, which are expected to command a bid of £50 to £80.
7472	There are several treatments you can try to help ease your SAD symptoms.
7473	“There are signs up at various points in the reserve encouraging dog owners to put their pets on leads to prevent them going into the water and this is something we would endorse.”
7474	There are six lawful bases listed in Article 6(1), and consent is one of them.
7475	There are some less common situations where you may need medical advice with Norovirus.
7476	There are some tips in our Tips to stay warm this Winter article that you might find useful to pass on.
7477	“There are some very talented children across Wales and the south west of England and with some fantastic prizes to be won I’d urge young people to get involved!”
7478	There are still places available to enter the event.
7479	There are three or four deputies, each of whom has from 1,000/. to 1,400/. per annum.
7480	There are times when negative thoughts can take over your mind but it’s important to stop them and remember the importance of being the biggest supporter of yourself and your endeavours.
7481	There are times when you do not want to be right but when you have a foreign operator, whose home company is having financial issues, we should expect these problems.
7482	There are two deep storage cupboards either side of the stairwell to the top floor.
7483	“There are two potential issues here really.
7484	There are two reasons for this small reaction in GBP to the Budget: firstly, the pound was knocked by a strong ADP report for February, which boosted the US dollar.
7485	There are two sets of funding figures: one called ‘CERO’ and one called ‘HHCRO’.
7486	There are two solutions: pick a softer wine or match it with food that will knock down the acidity.
7487	There are two types of site within the district.
7488	There are two visiting professorships, which pay a month's salary and provided office space and library access.
7489	There are vibes you can wear during intercourse (like the ) and vibrating rings that fit around his penis.
7490	The reason for this dependency, is that, as outlined by Bjorn Llomberg (Skeptical Environmentalist), the remaining fossil carbon still swamps the carbon so far released.
7491	The reason for this of course being the interconnecteness of computer systems by what is now the very everyday item in our lives the internet.
7492	The reasons why could reveal clues about alien lifeStars are vanishing.
7493	The reason Trump loathers were quick to translate these non-events into howling gaffes was that they had little else to go on.
7494	The recently-formed Stratford Town Independent Supporters Association has called for more supporters’ involvement in the club.
7495	The reception room features full width bay windows, a ceiling rose and an ornate fire place.
7496	The red channel found in the Statesman uses the two-knob preamp from the legendary Supro Thunderbolt amplifier for high-headroom rock & roll power.
7497	The Reference 5980/1A offers the convenience of a self-winding column-wheel chronograph movement.
7498	The referral refinement pathway would allow accredited optometrists to repeat diagnostic tests to confirm the risk of disease and thus improve the accuracy of referrals and deflect unnecessary referrals.
7499	Therefore, after you have accepted, the Ombudsman would not expect you to pursue your complaint any further.
7500	“Therefore even though I might have been a good runner at school I didn’t really have the chance to go to an athletics club until I was about 15. It was then that I had to walk to the other side of Belfast to join an athletics club.”
7501	Therefore, implementing a sugar tax in the UK would not be effective in combating the over consumption of sugar.
7502	Therefore, it is important to consume a wide variety of foods to provide adequate intakes of vitamins, minerals and dietary fibre, which are important for health.
7503	Therefore, Mark needed the help of Prospects to gain the skills for another career path and find a new job.
7504	Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7505	The refugees who come to the borough will be assessed by the UNHCR and the International Organisation for Migration before they travel to the UK, so their status as a refugee will have been confirmed before they arrive here.
7506	There further breath tests showed that she had 71 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath.
7507	The Registrar will contact the Council Tax Service and Electoral Registration Office directly on your behalf within seven days of registration.
7508	“There has also been a welcome expansion in business lending this month bolstered by borrowing from the energy sector.”
7509	There has been 5 draws and 9 home victories.
7510	There have been a number of changes to the Legal Aid criteria for family law which has meant that a large number of the population no longer have Legal Aid available to them.
7511	There have been a number of theft from vehicles in the area recently.
7512	There is a dining table and seating for 8 people on the balcony.
7513	There is a dog poo bag dispenser next to the toilet block.
7514	There is a grand entrance hall having high ceilings and an eye-catching feature fireplace.
7515	There is a hierarchy amongst squirrels with older larger, males being dominant to younger males.
7516	There is a large car park and cycle racks.
7517	There is also a conference centre onsite, which offers five meeting spaces, each with local themes, which can accommodate up to 35 people.
7518	There is also a galley-style kitchen and separate WC.
7519	“There is also a lasting legacy to pass to your children, which is more secure than property or money on paper.
7520	There is also a really useful outdoor storage area great for storing bikes, golf clubs, diving or water-sports equipment.
7521	There is also a significant concern that this will crowd out other affordable housing tenures.
7522	There is also a strong emphasis on local employment, as well as using local suppliers and offering a quality product.
7523	There is also the possibility of water contamination that enters the water table from pollutants in the ground.
7524	There is amazing shopping plus markets, theatres and a vibrant and busy nightlife.
7525	There is an abundance of natural wonders on Sanibel including the largest mangrove ecosystem in the USA, spot an array of species such as the Roseate Spoonbill, manatees, dolphins, alligators, otters, pelicans and more.
7526	There is an expectation for the post-holder to be keen and able to hit the ground running.
7527	There is a regular bus from Dunoon, but a car would help you to explore further afield.
7528	There is a repair group on Facebook with over 3,000 members and the couple take great pride in the good feeback from customers.
7529	There is a tenant break clause after year 1, upon giving the landlord no less than two months prior written notice upon expiry of the break clause.
7530	There is a wealth of history around the old Caerphilly Miners’ building, which was very grand and imposing, and had been built through the financial contributions of the miners and their families.
7531	There is a Youth Offending Team or Youth Offending Service in every local authority in England and Wales.
7532	There is evidence of settlement from the Bronze Age, Roman period and Saxon period, and it may have even been settled during the Stone Age.
7533	There is generally very little point to senior layers of management, they exist mostly to accrue maximum remuneration to themselves via smoke and mirrors, great acting and oratory.
7534	There is increasing use of consultants to provide skills such as structural design, traffic management and traffic regulation orders and this may not be cost effective in the long term. There are also gender balance concerns.
7535	There is no charge for our initial visit.
7536	There is no definition in the Financial Promotion Order of what ‘proper systems and procedures’ are, and the matter will ultimately be for the courts to determine.
7537	There is no 'free go' if the Council decides that information submitted is not sufficient for a discharge of a condition or if a further request for written confirmation is submitted.
7538	There is no mistaking it as it is as straight as a die!
7539	There is no one-size fits all solution but as with my theory on good CPD, as long as you can come away with one useful tip, it’s been worth it.
7540	There is no prospect of a border poll in Northern Ireland for the foreseeable future because the majority of people are happy to remain part of the UK, Secretary of State Karen Bradley has said.
7541	"There is no rationale for this attack.
7542	There is no shortage of food aid.
7543	THERE IS no such thing as the perfect steak.
7544	There is not a crowd to be seen anywhere, the landscape remains green and lush and the sea is still easily warm enough to swim in, especially if you enjoy a dip off the British coast in the summer.
7545	There is now also competitions, variety shows, performances and music concerts during the event.
7546	There isn't a huge amount of industry in Rovinj as it is known as a touristic town, however business travellers may need to visit the nearby Uljanik shipyard.
7547	There isn’t a week that goes by where we don’t hear about some sort of god-like leader who has fallen off his pedestal," she said.
7548	There is scope for influencing the content and look of the newsletter.
7549	There is small chance of a shower on Saturday afternoon but will otherwise be warm and with outbreaks of sun.
7550	There is sociable seating for up to 6 people inside Girty and there are 3 portable seats included in the hire for use outside.
7551	There is still little flesh on the bones of exactly what this term means, but it is clear that DEFRA is becoming more confident in terms of general themes.
7552	There is still much to do.
7553	There is usually so much to do, but it means that you’re one step closer to having your kitchen all ready to go!
7554	The relaxed feel of the consultation elicited more comprehensive views than a traditional consultation would have been able to achieve.
7555	The relevant legislation advertisers need to take note of when using databases for direct marketing purposes include the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
7556	There’ll be an extra special appearance from street performer, Rimski’s Bicycle Piano.
7557	The remaining 15% are properties which are between tenancies and serviced apartments.
7558	The remaining 21.1% of the working age population are economically inactive.
7559	There may be some deaths.
7560	There may be some pleasant surprises, or some disappointments, or it may go drastically wrong.
7561	The rental agreement you drew up has given us complete peace of mind as you suggested some things to add in that we hadnt thought about.
7562	The report added: “The existing building occupies 17 per cent of the site and in order to establish the extent of the cost of building and other costs HBD requires to demolish the building.”
7563	The report attributes this success to the cooperation of the beneficiaries, who are returning, on time, an equal number of cattle, as the animals breed.
7564	The report comments that such contracts “help firms to develop positive relationships with suppliers and also encourage investment in workforce development, leading to greater job stability.”
7565	The report concludes that the economic needs outweigh environmental concerns.
7566	The report provides the first concise picture of current and changing sources of retirement income, changing attitudes to work in retirement and also levels of satisfaction and understanding of the different sources of retirement income.
7567	There really is something for anyone who enjoys the outdoors!" says Gina.
7568	There's a difference between something costing a little too much and it being luxurious - just like the MacBook Air, this laptop deserves to fall in price and rise in specs to continue to be what we consider an excellent flagship computer.
7569	There’s a little natural funk around the edges.
7570	“There’s a long history of stigma being attached to anyone who is not heterosexual – but fortunately we are increasingly living in more enlightened times and there are fewer barriers for member of the LGBT community to overcome.
7571	There's a lot more to this sneaky app than meets the eye - it allows users to hide private photos and videos in plain sight by disguising itself as a humble calculator.
7572	There's a lot to do before you pick up the keys and call yourself a property owner, however.
7573	There’s a lovely retro feel to Baileys’ eco-household range; I love their Rice Straw Broom, £12, and Natural Beechwood Brushes, from £3.50-£5.50 each.
7574	There's also a new 1km Sustrans cycle route.
7575	There’s also a showing of I Told My Mum I Was Going on an RE Trip, BBC Two’s acclaimed drama from last year.
7576	There's always plenty to do on holiday in Majorca!
7577	Theresa May's surprise decision to call a snap general election dominated the news headlines in April, and that undoubtedly had an impact on buyer confidence.
7578	There’s another old saying that’s relevant at this point: ‘What goes up must come down.’
7579	There’s a real community feel to Cockermouth with lots of businesses working together to support the local economy.
7580	There’s been a lot of positive progress….
7581	The research informed the development of MLA London's advocacy, strategy and action plan and helped the sector to position themselves most effectively to respond to London Skills and Employment Board's priorities.
7582	There seems to be a large variation in patient response to levodopa treatment while on haemodialysis, dependent on the level of renal failure.
7583	THE Reserves ran riot at Bignian Park on Saturday afternoon with six goals either side of half time, in a performance th.
7584	There’s even room for up to three well-behaved pets on board so no one needs to miss out on the fun.
7585	There should also be an additional space of 100mm in front of the keyboard for users to rest their wrists.
7586	There should be a significant reduction in the price to go some way towards compensating commuters for the misery they have faced and are still facing with no end in sight.
7587	There’s never a dull moment at…
7588	There's no need to run away from the gambling - you can keep it several steps behind you.
7589	There's no point in campaigning, and writing to newspapers and forums, if all you do then is go home and open a bottle of wine you've bought from Sainsburys.
7590	There’s plenty of opportunity for people to get their name request in.
7591	The responsibility to renew any Permit on its expiry rests with the Permit Holder.
7592	There’s the Hayward Gallery, the Royal Festival Hall, the National Theatre, the British Film Institute, street performers, street food carts and all with amazing views of the Thames, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament.
7593	The rest of the route had its fair share of hard climbing again, ascending and snaking further and further up and over the ridgelines but where there’s an up there’s a down, and the Dales certainly has some superb fast and technical descents!
7594	The result being that Boundary-Line and the OSMM Topographic boundaries are not always coincident (when overlaid they will not always have the same alignment).
7595	The resulting computer-generated image is a world away from the chubby, rosy-cheeked, blue-eyed jolly fellow, however.
7596	The result is a decadent mix of functionality and tactile pleasure.
7597	The result is a new building that has enhanced the highly visible waterfront setting, whilst giving the hotel the 27 additional bedrooms, new reception area and other facilities that it needed to develop its business.
7598	The result – no change.
7599	The results have value in assessment in helping to attribute poor performance to 'goal neglect' rather than, for example, poor memory or comprehension.
7600	“The results of the survey will be sent to entrants and posted on the YACWAG website and in the Mercury.”
7601	The results were similar to those previously reported for MHC-peptide-specific TCRs, illustrating the versatility of the TCR platform.
7602	The retailer is consulting with staff over plans that will see a number of senior in-store posts slimmed down and replaced by fewer roles.
7603	The Retailer is responsible for having the necessary Devices which operate on the Operating Systems.
7604	The re-use of upper floors can make an important contribution to the regeneration of the local area and can provide valuable additional residential floorspace.
7605	The revaluation affects England, Scotland and Wales and occurs once every five years, with the assessments for 2010 based upon rental values from 1st April 2008.
7606	The revelations of his current Facebook activity have done little else but compound these criticisms.
7607	There was a debate on the Government's Article 50 Bill in the House of Lords last night, where Peers were urged to "respect" voters' decision to leave the EU.
7608	There was a high focus on meeting the needs of people living with dementia, including the use of hospital passports and bespoke knitted items.
7609	There was also a personal best of 3.38.35 for Adam Clarke (Geoff Watkin) in ninth, whilst Tom Lancashire was one place further back in 3.38.85.
7610	There was an agreement that it is essential you are transparent that the customer is speaking to a chatbot.
7611	There was a safe number of staff with appropriate skills, training and experience to keep patients safe.
7612	There was a transverse fracture of the body of the sternum at the level of the third and fourth ribs, which was probably caused by attempts at resuscitation following death.
7613	There was clear multi-disciplinary team working across the services between different teams and wards had regular morning huddles.
7614	“There was extensive media coverage of the event, which provides publicity for Hastings that money just can’t buy.
7615	“There was little popular support for this weekend’s attack on Syria.
7616	There was no vacancy in the office of Salt Meter or Seacoal Meter, and the next avoidance was not in their power to grant, it being at the disposition of the Lord Mayor at the time of such vacancy.
7617	There was no way he was going to get to the summit but I directed him up the steep slopes to the col under Side Park.
7618	There was potential for a downgrade, but the hospital’s future is secure and we are going to get a new service.
7619	There were 113 higher education providers that responded to the institutional survey.
7620	There were communal dining areas on the orthopaedic wards.
7621	There will also be plenty of interest in former Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers making his promotional debut against Ash Griffiths.
7622	There will be a Harry Potter Quiz Night for adults – all are welcome – don’t forget your wand!
7623	There will be a reunion at the school premises (now Etone Community School) for '69 leavers (1962-1969) on Saturday 1 May 1999.
7624	There will be a STEM Festival during the week alongside the main events and you’ll get the chance to explore a number fringe events, organised by local organisations and business.
7625	There will be a summing up stage where you and the school's representative can put forward the main points of what you have said.
7626	There will be a variety of fun activities to assess your English abilities.
7627	There will be no maintenance or washing.
7628	The RfL(I) Station Access Conditions are a common set of rules which will apply across every train operator which accesses an RfL(I) station.
7629	The RFU accepted that at least some of the bets were placed for his father, but not all of them.
7630	The Rhapsody B60 suits golfers with a slight arc putting stroke.
7631	The ridge beyond Glaramara is classic Lakes – follow it as far as possible towards Allen Crags and it is perfectly possible to carry on to Esk Hause and then reverse back down to Seathwaite.
7632	The Ring Pull Opener simply hooks under the edge of the ring pull and, with a simple pulling motion on the comfortable handle, allows you to easily peel back the ring pull and lid together.
7633	The Rio Olympics have started.
7634	The rise in remote working has also meant that Skype interviews are necessary to hire talent across the globe.
7635	The river is graded at a 4 for paddlers, the second hardest grading.
7636	The River & Rowing Museum in Henley is looking for stories from local people on flooding for a new exhibition which is being held with the Environment Agency in July.
7637	The robots.txt is a file that can be placed on your site hosting space and that the Search Engines know to look for.
7638	The rock-strewn Sharp Tor is now ahead and the route joins a surfaced farm access road at a gate.
7639	The role of council leader certainly gets me out and about in Renfrewshire.
7640	The role requires good listening, problem-solving and IT skills.
7641	The roles and responsibilities of my position are specifically orientated to transforming our organisation away from legacy systems and ways of working, and to embrace new technologies.
7642	The Role The successful candidate will be responsible for all aspects of day-to-day and maintenance activities ensuring work is carried out to the highest standards and maximising machine efficiencies.
7643	The rollout of next generation superfast broadband, which will be available across all regions of the Highland and Islands, began in early 2013.
7644	The Roman Baths at the heart of the World Heritage city date back approximately 2000 years and make the most magical setting for a unique wedding.
7645	The Rooms provide a familiar space with authentic items and decorations, giving people living with dementia a space where they can relax and connect with the past.
7646	The rope made from clothes represented a community on the move.
7647	The route is clockwise round the barn and crosses a ladder stile behind it.
7648	The route passes through a variety of landscapes, taking in tiny fishing villages, extensive conifer forests, beaches and stretches of fine coastline and open hills and moors.
7649	The route travels north along the Flood Relief Channel, passing the north of Hall Marsh Scrape, returning via the western edge of Bowyers Water.
7650	The route was 184 miles long taking 12 days.
7651	The Royal Airforce Association, British Legion, Balderton Parish Council, neighbours and friends.
7652	The Royal Ballet is one of the great ballet companies of the world.
7653	The Royal Parks produced a beautiful 3D map showing the route of the procession of the Royal Wedding Party from Buckingham Palace to Westminster Abbey for the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, and its return.
7654	The RSPCA and Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service rescued a Red Stag who had got himself tangled in electric sheet fencing in Suffolk this morning (23 February).
7655	The rugged exterior is perfectly balanced by the refined and sophisticated interior.
7656	The rules are different depending on whether the current account is to be credited with salary or dividends.
7657	The safe, clean water that is used for irrigation means that small-scale farmers can grow enough food to feed their families and sell the surplus at local markets so the community benefits.
7658	The safety lights are fitted with a built-in Ni-MH battery with an automatic self-test and detection range of 24m.
7659	The said the move could see graduations delayed and said the move marked a significant ratcheting up of pressure.
7660	The ’s Alastair Macaulay could not fail to be in awe of the star’s ‘hummingbird’ footwork but wrote: ‘It is hard to think of a celebrated dancer performing today who is more tedious, more devoid of stage sense.’
7661	The sales estimator on Jungle Scout, type in the category and the product, and that will give me a rough ballpark figure of how many are selling per month.
7662	The same goes for getting a telephone line or a mobile phone or an internet account.
7663	The same old excuses are trotted out, we are too small to win the bid, the tender has already been awarded, this PQQ is too complicated and has been designed to keep us out, we don’t have the resources.
7664	The same regroupment of forces took place on the question of war.
7665	The same woodlands usually have a long history of timber management.
7666	The same year saw the first AMG model which packs plenty of styling and performance additions which do not only serve to make the car look more aggressive, but also help it deal with class-leading 355hp of power.
7667	The Samsung UE50NU7400 43 inch features Active Crystal Colour, PQI 1700 (Picture Quality Index) and Samsung's new Smart Hub.
7668	The sauna added such a special touch to the trip.
7669	The scenery is spectacular and you’ll be hard pushed to find a more beautiful marathon in the world.
7670	The scenic stretch of the A712 between Newton Stewart and New Galloway was given the title 'The Queen's Way' by the Forestry Commission in 1977 to celebrate the silver jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.
7671	The scheme envisages an initial five-year investment plan, securing up to £36.9 million of Government funds to spruce up the town’s waterways and docks, while creating educational and leisure opportunities.
7672	The scheme is in the popular Fulwood area and there's an array of shops and supermarkets nearby.
7673	The scheme’s trustees referred a decision to us relating to the calculation of their scheme’s risk-based levy.
7674	The school has different classes available to suit all ages and abilities and that are appropriate for children and adults.
7675	The School of Artisan Food were winners of the 'Best Large Professional' category, and finalists in the 'Best Specialist' category.
7676	The School’s athletes have continued to excel during the summer holidays, with a number of pupils selected to represent Surrey at various events.
7677	The School’s Community Service programme caters for large numbers of pupils and provides a wide range of activities; some of the more popular options involve working in local schools, visiting residential homes and running a Fair Trade café.
7678	The score picked up with some hefty blows from the middle order before the tail of Nathan Waite and Neil Titchard wagged to take Grappers to 215-8 off their 45 overs.
7679	The Scottish equivalent is called the S.R.O. (Scottish Renewable Order) levy which was set at 0.8%.
7680	The Scottish Government started mitigating that, and offsetting the damage right there and then, but after the second and third warnings, there were more contracts.
7681	The screening of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang will include an interval with live entertainment, provided by and in partnership with Welsh National Opera and supported by Canu Conwy, the Conwy County Borough Council staff choir.
7682	These adjustments involve an element of judgement, for example, how much to write off in respect of depreciation and bad debts, and what adjustments to make in respect of expected losses.
7683	These are amplified, then digitised, and sent to the computer to control sound.
7684	These are continuously monitored throughout the life of a claim.
7685	These are designed to help students make the most of their courses and develop the vital skills they need for their chosen career path or vocation.
7686	These are just some of the many ways in which a rib injury can be caused, there are many more, but these are the most common.
7687	These are laminated cards that have a bus number or the word bus on them which you hold up.
7688	These are perfect for relaxing or working in during the summer and snowball fights during the winter.
7689	These are shorter and slimmer than the inserts supplied with the FLIP nappy system, making the much neater on a newborn baby.
7690	These are tremendously positive figures, and recognition of the growing opportunities that people in Lambeth have benefitted from in recent years – including record exam results, more jobs and increased investment.
7691	These are truly the ultimate in luxury log cabins!
7692	These are very good value and often combine places which aren't convenient to reach by public transport in a single day.
7693	The SEARS partners have registered with the UK Information Commissioner that they are using personal data and will only use personal data for the purposes set out in their notification as submitted to the Information Commissioner.
7694	" The season before Easter" commences this evening; that is, Her Ma- jesty's Theatre opens—with Verdi's Ernani and a new ballet.
7695	The season of Advent is traditionally a time of preparation for Christmas, and its observance dates from the sixth century in Gaul.
7696	The sea was superimposed into the background for the TV series.
7697	These branch into smaller capillary networks around hair follicles, sebaceous and sweat glands.
7698	These can be fed by a variety of sources and are the responsibility of the owner of the adjacent land.
7699	These cards record information about individuals who were nominated or sponsored to migrate to Queensland between 1908 and 1922.
7700	These case studies form part of the qualitative evidence and showcase the diversity and complexity of the MAS casework.
7701	These cat measuring bowls are purr-fect to use when baking!
7702	These changes are due to come into effect from April 2016.
7703	These changes are significant if they lead to a change to the way you work (eg containment or control measures) or if they present different or increased hazards/risks from the work (eg addition of a different specified animal pathogen).
7704	These changes will bring more coherence and allow us to drive through some big changes to all modes of transport.
7705	These checks will also be conducted when a postal claim is made and in the event our electronic checks cannot verify player details we may request physical documentation such as driving licence or passport to prove eligibility to claim prize.
7706	These concerns have been shared by George Osborne.
7707	These concerns include Rolls Royce’s to develop the new-generation nuclear reactor.
7708	The Secondary Conference would be held on 23 June at as it was a joint conference with Herefordshire, and would also support the syllabus and help schools prepare for exams.
7709	The second bedroom has been beautifully styled and has a double bed and freestanding wardrobe.
7710	The second goal of the game arrived when in-form midfielder Graeme Edgar provided the crowd with a moment of magic.
7711	The second half saw a much brighter home side performance as they mounted more pressure on the visitors, though without the cutting edge their manager Liam Errington was looking for.
7712	The second half was similarly slow to get started but on the hour mark Salisbury had three chances to increase their lead.
7713	The second of the ales on offer from CAMRA Halifax and Calderdale’s newest brewery is Pale Eagle (4%).
7714	The Second Prize winner will receive £10,000 and the BP Young Artist Award winner £7,000.
7715	The second talk from Neville wright's day on mental heath issues.
7716	The Secretary of State for Exiting the EU, David Davis, has indicated that existing employment law in the UK will not be overhauled.
7717	These days it’s not unusual for someone to own a smartphone, a tablet computer and a laptop, with maybe a PC sitting at home for the family to use for games, homework and general browsing.
7718	These delicious and easy are sure to impress.
7719	These emails often seem very convincing, although the reality is that HMRC never notifies anyone of a tax rebate by email or offers a repayment that way.
7720	These family sessions can include step-parents, step-siblings and grandparents.
7721	These features provide a striking contrast to the otherwise contemporary interior, including brightly coloured steel supports and furniture.
7722	These figures are current as of January 2016.
7723	These full system scans aren’t necessary all the time.
7724	These idiots are convinced that the inevitable end of the world is upon us, maybe today, maybe right here, maybe right now!
7725	These include a waterproof fur lined valuables pocket, cooler pocket, ball pocket, wet pocket, expandable apparel pocket and even a waterproof phone pocket.
7726	These include cycling, walking, skating, scooting, skateboarding and any other similar such method.
7727	These include Ecotricity, Good Energy and Ovo.
7728	These include free information booklets and activity booklets, as well as products such as sound generators and ear plugs.
7729	These increasingly popular forms of money and payment options may appear safe, but are they as trustworthy as they seem?
7730	These incubators will provide social enterprises with the necessary management and financial help and mentoring support for them to scale up their viable businesses.
7731	These investigations demonstrated that the burial chamber had formerly been covered by a mound of sand 18m wide which nad been scraped up from the surrounding area.
7732	The selection of apartments have been newly built to the highest standard offering stylish kitchens with breakfast bar, modern bathrooms, additional en-suites and fantastic living space.
7733	These lovely crispy orbs are best eaten young so don’t leave in the ground too long or they will go a bit woody.
7734	These meetings were held regularly to look at items coming forward and to stimulate debate.
7735	These migration reactions are important catalytic steps in the synthesis of aldehydes and ketones.
7736	The seminar titled ‘Hatches, Matches and Despatches’ will be based on new ways to tackle our favourite topics of birth, baptism, marriage, death and burial.
7737	The seminar will also delve into lessons learnt from the past, looking at the reasons why some joint ventures have failed, differences in expectations, protection of intellectual property, among other things.
7738	The sending host (IPv6) or an intermediate router (IPv4) takes over this task.
7739	The sentence reflects the seriousness of this crime and is welcomed by Staffordshire Police."
7740	These observations provide an unobscured view of the cold universe.
7741	These offences are either-way offences.
7742	These old buildings take some looking after but the owners are doing a great job with more work planned in the future.
7743	These personal interpretations of wood and water, made over the past 3 years, reflect not only the seasons, as experienced near my home in the Peak District or during trips to North Yorkshire, but the curiosity that water has inspired in my practice.
7744	These pieces are about war, passion, church, destruction – all these powerful moments.”
7745	These plans will help us move from a dependency on bed-based care in hospital towards a model which provides continuing care and treatment for some patients in their own home or in a community setting, where appropriate.
7746	These plants are so amazing.
7747	These plastic appliances are incredibly comfortable and highly discreet, using state-of-the-art technology to change the position of your teeth.
7748	These provide services that are most likely targeted by those wishing to launder money.
7749	These provide tremendous insight for strategic efforts such as refining messaging, brand positioning and aligning experience with the needs and desires of customers and prospects.
7750	These range from applications for financial donations or free travel, to use of our advertising space, our vehicles and buildings.
7751	The service and staff are awesome.
7752	The service is available to the whole community.
7753	The service is intended to be cost effective, enabling customers to live in comfort and style.
7754	The service is intended to be cost effective, giving customers a telephone installation and repair service at a reasonable price.
7755	The service offered by the occupational health unit is comprehensive and staff who used the service spoke very highly of it.
7756	The service offers counselling to people in the area who have been bereaved, and who are struggling to come to terms with their loss.
7757	“The service was excellent from start to finish.
7758	The service will complement the carrier’s existing flights to Stuttgart, Hanover, Cologne and Vienna.
7759	These sculptures have the potential to forge powerful images charged with character and emotion which go well beyond representation.
7760	These space-saving units have become very popular for a number of reasons; for instance, they offer a good balance between fridge and freezer space, with several available splits (such as 50/50, 60/40 and 70/30).
7761	The sessions also take an holistic approach, with a focus on art therapy, relaxation techniques, healthy eating advice and exercise.
7762	These staff are here because they were the best applicants for their jobs, so losing them would reduce the quality of UK science, despite the assurance from our new prime minister of a “positive outcome for UK science as we exit the EU”.
7763	These Tables prove that the Sheriffs' dues were composed of Custom and Murage; and that all Goods not rated in the Tables paid an ad valorem duty of two-pence in the Pound, which is well known to be the same in amount as the present Town dues.
7764	These talks are very inclusive and even those with no prior background in Zen or other spiritual or esoteric disciplines can benefit from this profound wisdom.”
7765	These Terms & Conditions (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) are governed by the laws of England and Wales.
7766	These therapies are processes of discovery that aim to eliminate or control mental or emotional distress.
7767	These tiles are excellent for creating an interior that oozes luxury and elegance; ideal for luxe trends.
7768	These transport and logistics experts can select the best routes and modes of transport and, by consolidating loads, they can often save you money.
7769	These venues are sure to bring some real Christmas sparkle to your event, so be sure to check them out today!
7770	These were known as Group III transmitter towers, built by JL Eve Construction Company to a slightly different specification to Chain Home towers elsewhere.
7771	These were residential colleges, mostly Church of England, run by voluntary societies with some government subsidy and modelled on Battersea Normal School.
7772	These were simple things anorexia took from me.
7773	These wide-ranging changes move away from individuals being required to purchase an annuity and instead offer a number of different options for drawing their pension benefits.
7774	The Shawshank Redemption will be at The Playhouse, in High Street from September 19-24.
7775	The sheer amount of reports and audits offered are staggering.
7776	The ship was a clinker-built (using overlapping planks of timber) of around 740-760 tons.
7777	The shop is dedicated to helping you have safer sex by stocking a huge range of high quality condoms and lubricants, as well as testing and sampling kits.
7778	The show is being staged this week and performing are Ben Hackett, who is currently in the Mr Kipling’s advert on ITV, and Freddie Howson, who is the voice of Rod the Rooster in the new Nickelodeon series Top Wing.
7779	The show provides a view into the dining of tomorrow and will offer restaurant and bar owners the opportunity to find the latest products, services, systems, and advancements from across the globe.
7780	The sides meet for the first time since the final when Angels welcome Glenn Tamplin's Bostik Premier favourites to Longmead on Tuesday night.
7781	The sights on luxury Abu Dhabi holidays range from the historic to the bombastic.
7782	The SII at birth was 19.1 years for each sex, while at age 65 years the inequality was larger for women at 7.9 years compared with 7.5 years for men.
7783	"The Single Euro Payments Area (or 'SEPA' for short) is where.
7784	The single most striking mass mobilisation ever in this country took place in January this year when 250,000 people marched behind Hrant Dink’s funeral hearse, carrying small placards which read “We are all Armenians”.
7785	The sites below explain the many ways you can change your browser, computer, keyboard and mouse settings to make the web more accessible for you.
7786	The site thecheapaccountant.
7787	The site was surrounded by V-shaped ditches.
7788	The sitting resumed at 2.00pm, with the Deputy Speaker (Mr McGlone) in the Chair.
7789	The skin is then pulled backwards and upwards before being stitched into its new position.
7790	The skin on your penis and your groin may redden or get darker, and become dry, flaky and itchy.
7791	“The smart boulder is a game changer.
7792	The smell of untreated human sewage overwhelms all near the Thames, including the MPs in Parliament.
7793	The software, WCopyfind, identifies common words and strings of words in comparative texts.
7794	The solder could also be used for graphene, which is currently joined by clamping sheets together.
7795	The son of Mr and Mrs J Oliver.
7796	The Sony II has got to be one of the most anticipated camera systems in the history of cameras, and for good reason.
7797	The South East regional team covers Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Hampshire & Isle of Wight, Kent & Medway, Surrey and Sussex.
7798	The Southern Uplands form the northern boundary.
7799	The spaces were mainly used at weekend and evening as free parking for residents of Carlton Chambers so were never available that often anyway.
7800	The spare wheel (including 'spacesaver'), jack and other tools must be intact, present and stowed properly, in the correct location and in good working order.
7801	The speaker is a research scientist with seven years laboratory research experience and there will be plenty of opportunity for you to discuss the questions you are frequently asked in your work.
7802	The special coin has the town's coat of arms minted on copper using traditional methods and can be purchased for a £1 and then will be spent at the market, worth that same amount.
7803	The Specialists engage with a variety of client groups through presentations, newsletters, alert updates and training sessions, alongside investigating allegations of fraud, bribery and corruption.
7804	The SRA has said that unregulated entities will not be forced to publish any information about their business, including about the level of client protection they offer.
7805	The stag is a powerful symbol in the art and folklore of the Celts.
7806	The Staithes men assumed they were talking to Scarborough or Whitby men, whom they disliked on principle because of their disregard for conserving stocks.
7807	The stalemate continued during the second half and an extra half an hour was required when Invicta came good against a fit Erith & Belvedere side that had continued to go forward.
7808	The standard terms and conditions for HEFCE purchase orders are set out in the document below.
7809	The standout piece of the musical section was a full size French violin bearing the label “Gand & Bernadel no.1437, Paris” which sold for an astounding £9,800.
7810	The star, TV’s Ricky Butcher, said he was slapped by a man he ticked off for leaning back on him on the BA service in Dubai.
7811	The statement stresses that the CCG is unable to respond to specific concerns about facilities operated by providers.
7812	The station has a great café (open Easter to October) and there's a youth hostel at Loch Ossian too, about a mile from the station.
7813	The station site is occupied by the Granary Way housing development.
7814	The Stockholm office is looking to appoint an individual to lead the underwriting practice; he or she will be an experienced Corporate M&A Lawyer with appetite to move laterally into the insurance market.
7815	The story began in 1999 as a technical agency dealing with integration and content-management challenges in the pre-Google era.
7816	The story instantly aroused my enthusiasm by giving the feeling that there is a long way to go about the character you play as, Ian, and the world that encompasses him.
7817	The Story Of Queen Victoria Victoria was just 18 when she was crowned Queen in 1837 - a tiny figure, with a will of iron.
7818	The strategy includes information on the current evidence, and policy actions to support and protect the many pollinating insects which contribute to our food production and the diversity of our environment.
7819	The strategy is backed by Essex County Council, Sport England and the district councils, with individual plans being drawn up for 14 areas of the county.
7820	The stretch beyond the bridge is no longer navigable but, before the Sheffield and Tinsley Canal was opened, boats went a short distance further upstream to unload at Tinsley Wharf.
7821	The Strike League involves four franchises which play eight T20 and three one-day matches.
7822	The striking result achieved by our team in Northampton on this equally eye-catching car shows that we are able to continue to deliver high performance, even in a more challenging market.”
7823	The structural difference between these two sofa bed types is the thickness of the mattress, the suspension of the foam, and the fillings.
7824	“The students’ rendition of the songs were awesome and was really enhanced by having our student band on stage at all times.”
7825	The students were also introduced to two very special ewes, former members of our own Hurst Farm menagerie, who had given birth to a number of healthy lambs just two days prior to this visit.
7826	The study of 530 enterprises employing 1 to 5 people (including tradesmen, entrepreneurs, small retailers, self-employed and home workers), finds that today some 46 per cent are still without a website on the Internet to promote their business.
7827	The study of material culture encompasses everything from consumption practices, art, architecture, cultural heritage, cultural landscapes, dress, memorials and museums.
7828	The study of the structure, development, spread and acquisition of the languages of the Spanish-speaking peoples.
7829	The study used PlanSea scheduling software to reschedule 65 weeks of recent historical operational offshore support activity under realistic and pessimistic assumptions and using the same data and core fleet.
7830	The study was carried out earlier this month by Cover4LetProperty.
7831	The study will be transatlantic and particular interest will be given to the transcendentalist journalists Emerson and Thoreau and their political forefather John Adams, and in the twentieth century diarists such as Edmund Wilson and Sylvia Plath.
7832	The style of the boutique highlights the London house’s talent in finding the right balance between past, present and future.
7833	The styling was better, engines were far more efficient, especially after the facelift, interiors were far more comfortable and also of a higher quality.
7834	The subject of healthy eating doesn’t have to be constrained to meal times.
7835	The submission said that there should be a “transparent, evidence-led process for determining the distribution of direct Treasury funding for voluntary organisations”.
7836	The success of the magazine has truly exceeded expectations with 13,500 readers within the first 8 weeks alone, and numbers increasing all the time.
7837	The suggestion came as councillors agreed fees for under 18s will be abolished and the age limit could rise to 21 if there is no increased cost to the council.
7838	The suitability of advice is important for the financial advisory sector and advice was highlighted as one of the seven priorities in the FCA’s Business Plan 2016/17.
7839	The sum below which we are not authorised to sell the property is called the reserve price.
7840	The summarising of contractor amounts has led to confusion with an apparent doubling of the figures.
7841	The Summer Reading Challenge team read every submission before anything is published on the website, and are always on the look out for thoughtful and creative book reviews.
7842	The summer spinach seed is round and the hardier winter spinach is prickly seeded, similar in appearance to beetroot seed.
7843	The sum received from Professor Donald Lynden-Bell, Emeritus Professor of Astrophysics in the University, shall form a fund called the Institute of Astronomy Flower Fund.
7844	The supply chain for domains generally has 3 links, the registry, the registrar and the registrant.
7845	The Supported Holidays service offers clients the opportunity to participate in a supported holiday from our brochure or enabling clients to design their own holidays as they wish.
7846	The support network has been excellent.
7847	The Supreme Court found there was no truth in this, and that the CNE had indeed worked from the reports ("actas") and other written documents pertaining to the provincial counts.
7848	“The Supreme Court has made it clear they will scrutinise businesses on a case by case basis.
7849	The survey analyzed over 2,000 vans and other commercial …
7850	The suspension and reduction of aid might just galvanise some leaders to act in the interest of their peoples and into improving accountability and transparency.
7851	The SVP will be directly involved in the acquisition process, and will have the responsibility to set and execute property strategy.
7852	The system for buying a property in France can be complex but is regarded as being one of the safest in the world – the French like "red tape" but not much surprises us now.
7853	The target outcomes for patients by the end of the project will include: Health improvements and /or maintenance for independent living and development of peer support networks to help reduce the risk of social isolation.
7854	The taxation of dividends is also set to be shaken up and the promised £1 million ‘IHT threshold’ will be introduced for married couples and civil partners.
7855	The TCPA reports on the challenges we face as a nation and what the next government must do to address Britain's housing crisis.
7856	The team are mapping a picture of the provision available across the UK.
7857	The team at Express Van Logistics specialise in commercial and industrial small to medium haulage and Courier Services throughout Temple Normanton & the rest of the United Kingdom.
7858	The team has been awarded the Skills for Health Quality Mark as an endorsement of the high quality education they offer.
7859	The team’s working superbly, plus the engineers and the mechanics are doing a great job.
7860	The team uses natural essential oils and blends, and aims to help clients address issues, including sleeping disorders and weak immune system.
7861	The technology on this ship is not good.
7862	The term of service is usually for three years, with a maximum further three years extension.
7863	The term ‘sustainability’ will be used in two ways.
7864	The Tesco Bags Of Help scheme.
7865	The test gun’s weight is about the same as a traditional bench-made 12-bore side-by-side game gun.
7866	The text will flow around the laptops rather than the rectangular frame.
7867	The Thames Estuary is an ‘edgeland’, one of the great ignored landscapes of our time.
7868	The theme of the day is "Finance", and covers how to assess the viability of your business venture, develop realistic financial projections, clear revenue streams, prepare a financial strategy, and value your business opportunity.
7869	The therapy they were given was either structural massage or relaxation message, as is often available in hotel spas.
7870	The thickness of the existing subway walls ranged between 2.07m and 2.18m, and comprises of red brick and consolidated concrete.
7871	The third best performing state funded school is here: St. Thomas More Language College, at which 70% of students hit the benchmark of 5 or more good GCSE grades.
7872	The three cases are similar and, in view of the public interest, the determinations all set out the regulatory, legislative and tax background in detail.
7873	The three Jardine Honda dealerships in Bracknell, Newbury Birmingham and Reading are all certified MOT testing centres.
7874	The three-year course is usually for students with A Level/IB Higher Level Latin (regardless of whether they have Greek).
7875	The Tiffany is brand new to the Ammaco range of dutch style heritage bikes.
7876	The time for which data for marketing purposes is kept by Axis is in compliance with local regulations and with the provisions set out by the Regulator, that being the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.
7877	The Times reported this weekend that the supply of high Loan-to-Value (LTV) mortgages could be under threat, after the Bank of England’s Financial Policy Committee (FPC) suggested plans to crack down on the riskier end of the market.
7878	The Times says in the first week of December.
7879	The title of the exhibition is a tongue-in-cheek play on the context of the production of the work, and also a reflection on the tentative relationship with the role of artist that the prisoners are exploring through exhibiting their work at UWE.
7880	The tooth is around 17cm and is morphologically similar to a Great White Shark tooth but more robust and much larger.
7881	The top floor is maintained as a gallery for a wide range of contemporary art and craft exhibitions.
7882	The topics covered in communication training courses generally cover the all important issues of 'what the different forms of communication are, how problems can be a challenge for you at work, as well as how problems can be solved.
7883	The top prize, presented by Geri Horner, went to border terrier Sir Jack Spratticus, the Breed Rescue Dog of the Year, and his owner Vanessa Holbrow, from Berrow – but Gayle still enjoyed her moment in the spotlight.
7884	The top two locks of the Stanley Dock branch, Liverpool.
7885	The total price can be more expensive than buying an iPad and SIM separately, though if paying a large lump sum is not affordable for you it may still be preferable to spread the cost out over a year or two with a free iPad contract deal.
7886	The touring production of the show, which was revived in the West End in 2014, stars Sooha Kim, the first Korean actor to take the role, as Kim, and she brings huge depth of emotion to it.
7887	The town’s nestled in the corner of a mushroom-shaped bay, with sea views to the front and countryside scenes bringing up the rear.
7888	The town’s population has grown from 170 recorded in the Domesday Book to 35,000 today and now bustles with shops, pubs and at least 20 restaurants.
7889	The track bed now forms part of the Luton - Dunstable busway.
7890	The tracker gives you Reminders To Move, encouraging you to keep your daytime step count to at least 250 an hour.
7891	The trade union movement in France, unlike in Britain or Germany, was heavily influenced by anarcho-syndicalist ideas and developed separately and distinctly from the political organisations of the working class.
7892	The traditional elements of old flagstones, wrought-iron grilles, terracotta tiles and wooden beams have been preserved and restored, and matched by an eye-catching décor.
7893	The ‘transition deal’ also referred to as ‘implementation period’ is a period of time between when Britain leaves the EU in March 2019 at the end of the 2 year Article 50 process, and when the new trade agreement with the EU is implemented.
7894	The treatment and control groups were closely similar at the beginning of the trial.
7895	The tree’s branches are interlaced with roses; hydrangeas; delicateanemones; amaryllis, orchids; and dianthus; whilst pretty petals and pine cones are strung around the tree in lieu of the traditional lights.
7896	The trek to Chateau Gaillard took about 30 minutes, which meant we got to walk through the picturesque town and see the sites.
7897	The trial continues and is expected to last at least five days.
7898	The Tribunal chairman found that Adecco made a supply of the provision of the non-employed temps to the clients in return for the total fees paid by the clients.
7899	The tribune he uses most often is Twitter, where the midfielder is nearing 3 million followers and has more than 15k tweets since he joined in July 2010.
7900	The trio were invited to cut the ribbon, officially re-opening the centre.
7901	The Triton T100XR 10.5kw electric shower is perfect for all the family, the 10.5KW electric shower is the highest KW rating shower within the T100XR range of showers.
7902	The trouble is that Keynes offered them two sets of answers--one which they might accept but which won't work, the other which if pushed through in a radical manner would work but which they cannot accept.
7903	The trustee boards of Hospice UK and the National Council for Palliative Care (NCPC) have agreed to work towards.
7904	The Trust has sympathetically restored 20 of the historical houses in the square around the old market cross, although they are not open to the public.
7905	The Trust partners are currently working to develop a full Re-Opening Plan for the Lagan Navigation along with carrying out a full Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA) and Habitat Regulations Assessment.
7906	The Trust reserves the right to cancel this offer, or to amend these Conditions of Use, at any time and without further notice.
7907	"The truth is our NHS is underfunded"
7908	The truth is that of the 100,000 new jobs in Wales, as the Office for National Statistics said last week, 90,000 are zero-hours contracts paying, on average, £300 less per week than full-time jobs.
7909	The truth is though that a fair amount of money has been spent on the place and you can have a rare old time gawping at the genuine art that adorns the walls.
7910	The Tudors aren't what you might immediately think of when you think of Pembroke, but through Framlingham and Fotheringhay, the College is connected to some significant moments in what was a very dramatic Royal line.
7911	The twenty-part series is presented by Professor Mitter on BBC Radio 4 on weekdays from Monday 9 April at 1.45 pm.
7912	The two basement levels will have parking for 115 cars, 10 motorcycles and secure storage for 120 bicycles with showers and lockers provided.
7913	The UCL, Bloomsbury and East London Doctoral Training Partnership’s studentships competition, which is run annually.
7914	THE UK is about to bake in a two-week heatwave with temperatures tipped to nudge 30C (86F) over the May Bank Holiday.
7915	The UK's data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner's Office, has already indicated this.
7916	The UK’s largest holiday companies have just recorded a double figure rise in disruptive passenger behaviour.
7917	The UK's leading personal finance expert launched a lawsuit against Facebook in Britain, claiming the social media company is allowing the publication of scam ads featuring his name.
7918	THE Ulster Defence Regiment Benevolent Fund is reaching out to former members of the Regiment in Limavady and the surrounding areas, asking them to come forward if they have fallen on hard times and are in need of assistance.
7919	The ultimate aim, that every young person we work with would have the opportunity to achieve an arts award.
7920	The ultimate football tipping competition has arrived.
7921	The ultra-short 8in barrel is instantly recognisable.
7922	The understanding of genome relationships, gene introgression, and evolution of birch species will be important to the breeding programmes steered towards environmental conservation and forestry.
7923	The United Kingdom believes that allegations of genocide are for international judicial authorities to determine.
7924	The unit will also provide a one stop rapid access rectal bleeding service.
7925	The University is committed to routinely publishing information which reflects our work and our organisation.
7926	The University of York’s Institute for the Public Understanding of the Past (IPUP) today marks its successful partnership with the British Museum with a major policy conference.
7927	The University's Head of Environment and Energy and Head of Procurement will be working closely to continue to support the University in tackling these.
7928	The University Technical College in Crewe will enhance the local community, boosting skills, education and employability, for the benefit of individuals and many organisations.
7929	The upcoming match against the Hearts is a sell out and we want to make sure if you can’t make it to the game someone else can go in your place to get behind the manager and the team.
7930	The updated Ruckus shorts feature a redesigned waistband with a new double button enclosure.
7931	The upper is crafted from a one piece mesh to keep things light and ensure breathability, while Flywire cables take care of support by locking your foot in place and have been integrated into the laces for a dynamic finish.
7932	The use of these rooms may more closely resemble seclusion than time out.
7933	The User Interface can be adapted to include custom terminology, CSS colour schemes, white labelled branding and URL access.
7934	The users details will not be used or sold to a 3rd party for marketing purposes.
7935	The utility room, which houses the boiler, is fitted with a matching range of units with granite work surfaces, a Belfast sink, built in storage cupboards and space and plumbing for two washing machines and a tumble dryer.
7936	The value of getting to this stage with an underwriter is invaluable.
7937	The value of investments and income can fall as well as rise so you could get back less than you invest.
7938	The value of the benefits are assessed then the company must pay class 1A National Insurance (13.8% for 18/19) on their value.
7939	The variety of the role makes it great fun.
7940	The various in-room services provide hair dryers, tea/coffee makers, and a cabinet full to the brim with a selection of delicious health-drinks, snacks, chocolate treats and beverages.
7941	The vast majority of household and motor proposal forms ask if a policyholder has had any recent claims, losses or accidents, typically within the last three years.
7942	The Vazee Rush Pace has a 6mm drop.
7943	The vehicle was taken from outside the property in Silver Street between 7.40am and 8.39pm last Friday (March 17) when the burglars got in through the back patio doors.
7944	The very latest models from our existing Peugeot range of cars and vans are available for you to see and test drive, such as the Peugeot 108, Peugeot 208, Peugeot 2008, Peugeot 308, Peugeot 3008, Peugeot 508, Peugeot 5008, Peugeot RCZ and Peugeot Tepee.
7945	The very worst aspect of people not taking their shades off is that you spend the entire conversation viewing your own reflection.
7946	The VetReact website has been developed based on work done by research student, Isabella Wild, on how vets access evidence in practice, and has been supported by funding from World Horse Welfare.
7947	The vibrant city of Swansea lies only 10 miles to the north east, whilst the Brecon Beacons National Park is just over an hour to the north.
7948	The vibrant market town of Broughton-in-Furness is just a short drive away and has some lovely, traditional shops, plus excellent pubs.
7949	The victim code classifies three categories of priority victims that following a detailed assessment of their needs, are identified as entitled to an enhanced service.
7950	The victim, who is 18, was walking along the pavement on London Road at 4.35am on Saturday (March 24) with a female friend when a car slowed alongside them.
7951	The victim, who is in his 70s, was watching television in his lounge in Spring Lane, Bassingbourn at about 2.25am on Sunday (13 May) when two men appeared in front of him.
7952	The views are coming from the Facebook.
7953	The views were great, although you are slightly up the hill it gives the desired view but not so far up that it's a drag (we have stayed right at the top).
7954	The vision for the conference is to focus on the value proposition of embedding open culture in the context of institutional strategies for learning, teaching and.
7955	The Vivanta by Taj – Gurugram, NCR is the 100th hotel of the Taj Group of Hotels and aims to seamlessly blend cutting-edge hospitality with a heightened sensory experience and serve the ordinary with a twist.
7956	The Vixens started brightly, with Lauren Hemp firing inches wide in the opening minutes of the game.
7957	The VOA brought the appeal forward to the Upper Tribunal in an attempt to separate out all shops and cafés, as well as the Hospitium that formed part of St Mary’s Abbey in the grounds of Yorkshire Museum.
7958	The Waldorf 2 seater sofa has elegance and sophisticated style.
7959	'The Wardle Pattern Books Revealed', The Whitworth Art Gallery project site, http:www.
7960	The Warren was still a popular picnic spot in Edwardian times, and a nearby tea chalet and children's playground served hundreds of visitors daily.
7961	The Warwickshire support group is Coventry and District Sands.
7962	The waste we produce is segregated and where possible recycled.
7963	The waterproof TEMPUR-FIT™ Mattress Protector consists of natural fibres which are both breathable and absorbent.
7964	The way you empty your bladder is your business and SpeediCath Compact Male keeps it that way.
7965	The weather was not kind (rainfall was twice the normal amount expected for the time of year), but the volunteers made good progress in uncovering and recording a Roman site of interest.
7966	The webinars are a follow-up to the Advanced Higher English Understanding Standards events.
7967	The wedding of David Hall and Paola Pragliola took place at March Register offi.
7968	The weekend finally saw some warm sunny weather at Mersehead, drawing lots of visitors to the reserve on Sunday and Bank Holiday Monday.
7969	The weekly workshops are run by a Healthy Lifestyle Instructor or Weigh to Go Champion and different topics are covered each week including hidden fats & sugars, alcohol within your diet or incorporating more physical activity into your daily routine.
7970	The weight and shape of each type lends itself to a specific task.
7971	The welcome hamper was lovely and the cheese (made on the farm) absolutely delicious!
7972	The West Coast Community has been thought to be in decline for many years since they have never been seen with a calf, and after Lulu’s death some fear that our resident killer whale group is now too small to recover.
7973	The West Country of England is known for its distinctive character, much of which lies behind its enduring popularity for tourism.
7974	The wheel's counterweight is at the front, looking like a barrel.
7975	The When You've Got the Best Belt comes in vegan leather and features a concho buckle closure, slim band, and concho detailing throughout.
7976	The Whitebrook, Whitebrook, near Monmouth, Monmouthshirewww.
7977	The whole division had a rest last weekend and Wigham is hopeful it will help them improve their form during the final month of the campaign.
7978	The whole experience, from booking onwards was a pleasure.
7979	The whole place is spotlessly clean and lovely.
7980	The winter turnips can be pulled for use as required up until December but then they must be lifted and put into storage as described below.
7981	The winter weather has demonstrated how even the smartest technology can’t outwit Mother Nature.
7982	The woman is not usually unaccompanied when she leaves the house due to her condition but on this occasion took to the streets with her mother and stepfather in bed, Snaresbrook Crown Court heard.
7983	The wording of “up to £100k” was decided on as it represented fair wording, both being accurate and demonstrating an expectation of what was inevitably going to be an uncertain prediction of sales in a draw that had yet to take place.
7984	The worker bee has long been a symbol of Manchester and of the city’s hard-working past.
7985	The working group’s figures don’t offer much comfort for struggling farmers, with prices forecast to remain at or below current levels until the spring and, even then, only to show a modest seasonal uplift.
7986	The work is first-class and was well organised from start to finish.
7987	The Works sells books, arts and crafts, toys, gifts and stationary at discount prices.
7988	The World Bank estimates that breathing kerosene fumes is the equivalent of smoking two packets of cigarettes a day and it says two-thirds of adult females with lung cancer in developing nations are non-smokers.
7989	The writers of these pieces don’t worry they may compromise their artistic integrity.
7990	“They all came here for holidays.
7991	They all looked quite bored, like a bunch of old folks waiting for the bus.
7992	They also carry mites which can cause skin disease and dust from their feathers can cause respiratory problems.
7993	They also comply with the additional requirements of COP501.
7994	They also considered whether Mr C’s needs could be met through group work instead of one-to-one work.
7995	They also have a tendency to crash if running “too many” connections.
7996	They also praised the way we work with the communities we serve and our ‘Just an hour’ employees’ volunteering programme.
7997	They also, rather surprisingly, announced a cap on deposits equal to a month’s rent.
7998	They appear instead to have “skilled-down”, typically by taking a job for which they are over-qualified.
7999	They are also a great choice for people who work outdoors and who would like or need a reliable, trustworthy canine companion at their side.
8000	They are an alternative to high street banks, doorstep loan sharks and other costly money-lenders.
8001	They are destroying the very fabric of society and pushing people who have been living together for centuries to speak and act about "them" and "us".
8002	They are hard and white and can be itchy.
8003	They are joined by Bawrut, DEBONAIR, Marlon Hoffstadt and live sets from Timothy Clerkin and C.A.R. aka Chloé Raunet.
8004	They are lightweight and have a strong racing pedigree.
8005	They are low in calories.
8006	They are ludicrous and indefensible.
8007	They are not to be used for other purposes without specific clearance from the Head of Information Services.
8008	They are Pou, to enjoy the tranquility and family.
8009	They are simply the best on the coast and literally in a world of their own.
8010	They are small and bean-shaped, and connected by a network of fine tubes called lymphatic vessels.
8011	They are the important stuff that must look into though deciding on the essay formulating professional services for fast papers all our will need.
8012	They are the place for church services and church concerts at Sunday morning.
8013	They are trained to investigate health and social care issues.
8014	They are very diverse also but management are not as supportive and are very much unaware of what goes on within a working day.
8015	They beat every house in the school.
8016	They believe that encouraging staff to be the best at what they do contributes to the strategic objectives of the organisation.
8017	They both wanted to do the same thing.”
8018	They breed on saltmarshes and wet grasslands.
8019	They can be offered by business schools and accredited training providers specifically set up for, and specialising in, this subject.
8020	They can guide you through the process.
8021	They can happen in any workplace, though some jobs bring a higher risk of violence than other.
8022	They cannot spawn in still waters but thrive on the abundance of small roach and rudd so can grow to massive proportions.
8023	"They can see that he has no interest in standing up for Britain's national interest," a Cabinet minister told me.
8024	They can then contact you anonymously through the Connection Service on Ancestry sites to request more information.
8025	They captivated the audience with emotional stories of children in the Philippines, Syria and South Sudan.
8026	They couldn’t face the shame and humiliation of the doctor placing another one there with a gentle reminder of the amount he was owed.
8027	They currently run more than 1,200 markets each week in the UK and Europe through contracts with local authorities.
8028	They’d always tell me things and I’d pick up little stories.
8029	They didn’t deserve to be so badly treated.
8030	They do everything within their power to not only raise the monthly monitoring rates without notice for customers, but swindle commissions from their employees.
8031	They do not signify that we endorse those websites.
8032	They don’t skimp on bodies – it’s not one of those places where you wonder if the staff have found somewhere better to go – and they know what they are doing and they do it in a genuinely friendly fashion.
8033	They do this by counting the number of backlinks a website has pointing to a domain and giving each a score based on TRUST and CITATION.
8034	They employed approximately 25 men most of whom reached the site by motor-bike, using their sidecars to transport materials.
8035	They even took part in a taste and odour test identifying tap water by sight and smell.
8036	They eventually get the message.
8037	They exist to safeguard all our rights.
8038	They fail to understand how quickly and effectively the BVD referral process works and as a consequence they assert: "We are satisfied that without the help of the researcher, the next of kin is unlikely to become aware of their inheritance."
8039	They focus on a range of current problems and make recommendations for improving quality.
8040	They get drunk.
8041	They got married on the beach with bare feet and sand between their toes.
8042	They had an endearing air of not only the confident magnetism that comes from super fitness and competitive adrenaline, but humbleness too - no spitting, arguing or shirt-pulling for them.
8043	They had that culture of cinema, particularly in France, so there was an audience there.
8044	They had worked on their business ideas which culminated in a highly anticipated Let’s Start Up!
8045	They handle a lot harder than a smaller car, and they are also a lot more expensive to insure.
8046	They have been in force since 1992, although they have been updated to tie in with the Freedom of Information Act 2000.
8047	They have deep connections within the private equity market offering services such as M&A due diligence, transactional products and ongoing insurance related portfolio support.
8048	They have even created their own tonic to accompany the gin, called The Hockley Tonic.
8049	They have helped in the successful acquisition of land & property.
8050	They have nothing whatever to do with greed, a common criticism aimed at those who believe in low taxes.
8051	They have not left the people in peace, nor do they ‘harangue the masses’.
8052	They have raised the money, got the property and put everything in place, and they want to welcome Syrian refugees, yet they are being prevented from doing so, and that has been replicated up and down the country.
8053	They have read about Wendy Mitchell, heard her on the radio and on TV, and they seem to be convinced she is typical.
8054	They include increased on-street electric vehicle charging points, “smarter management” of taxi ranks by using optical sensors and Air Quality Champions on the streets tackling engine idling.
8055	They intended to live there for the long term and as such took the decision to make a substantial investment in the development of this building to create extra space for the family.
8056	They just get us.”
8057	They know where a lot of them live—not, I am sure, all of them—and they have a duty of care.
8058	They listened carefully to us and knew exactly what would give our company the edge.
8059	They lived and worked in London between c.1668 – 1750, and were amongst the finest woodwind instrument makers of their day.
8060	They’ll be able to pick themselves up after having fallen over.”
8061	They’ll be at Eton College on Saturday 13th March at 7.30 with Conductor Leon Gee to present three masterworks.
8062	They love introducing our customers to their homeland and making your holiday a special time.
8063	They make us look and feel fantastic and often get the title of our very own personal therapist.
8064	They may permit a named third party to have authorisation to speak to customer services (with restrictions - this person would not be able to switch providers without permission, for instance) but there will only be one account holder.
8065	They offer catering to local charity events, stock local produce in their farm shop and, most strikingly, having started working with neighbouring farmers in an informal cooperative, lending machines and even the odd pair of hands.
8066	They plan to organise similar events later on in the year, so look out for more opportunities to spend some quality time with your family.
8067	They provide a wide range of social, leisure and recreational activities as well as delivering a comprehensive programme of youth work, adult learning and community development opportunities.
8068	They provide the perfect environment for beach sports and this is where I had my first taste of blokarting, for the equally uninitiated, think wind-surfing on the beach.
8069	They really need to sort that out!
8070	They're also friendly and really put you at ease.
8071	They’re amazed at how they feel about what they’re about to do.
8072	They're awesome at what they do.
8073	They're beloved by road testers, they're charismatic and everybody knows all about them.
8074	“They're not about to be told by the unelected bullyboys in Brussels what they can and can't do and that really is a fact,” he said.
8075	They’re not a venture-backed Silicon Valley entrepreneur they are just building their one e-commerce website.
8076	They’re words that take some of us back to the 80s and a Fun Boy Three/Bananarama record: or is it Ella Fizgerald from the 30s; Lisa Stansfield from the 90s; or the Puppin Sisters from as recently as 2016?
8077	They said I could wear contact lenses.
8078	TheySay, a sentiment analysis company spun out from the Department of Computer Science, has been acquired by Aptean, a global provider of mission-critical enterprise software solutions.
8079	They say the problem of homelessness has grown by 43 per cent in one year in the capital.
8080	They should be able to point you in the direction of private landlords and letting agents who they either work with or come recommended from previous year's students.
8081	They specialise in cask and keg beers which are sold directly into pubs and restaurants.
8082	They started strongly with the home team conceding an early penalty which Kain Duguid put into touch near the left corner.
8083	They take ownership of all the sources of profit, including credit/debt and disown the rest.
8084	They thus constituted non-probability convenience samples, with 1,857 respondents between 17 August and 18 September 2016 and 2,025 between 19 July and 8 August 2017.
8085	They understand and interpreted our vision perfectly, the mother daughter duo are so human and down to earth but still handle everything with the utmost professionalism, above everything we instantly clicked, and they have the best vibe!
8086	They use soft water, 100% malted barley, lager or ale yeast and of course hops.
8087	They’ve also faced each other four times in the group stages and recorded two wins each.
8088	“They’ve got a plan and they keep to it.
8089	They’ve joined Tameside Council in supporting Transport for Greater Manchester’s (TfGM) campaign to tackle some of the common myths about leaving vehicle engines ticking over.
8090	They watch TV or perhaps listen to music or read.
8091	They were not only competing but enjoying considerable success, with three of the top ten, seven of the top 30 and two of the top ten ladies’ places being filled by club members.
8092	They will also receive intensive, personalised support to prepare them for and help them find work.
8093	They will arrange for you to be seen by the hospital eye service.
8094	They will contact you within 1 working day to discuss the case and agree an action plan.
8095	They will develop a series of toys called 'Mighty Minis' that combine a collectible intelligent object with a dynamic online character in a uniquely interactive way.
8096	They will examine methods of collecting evidence and learn historical terms linked to the topic.
8097	They will form the basis of the contract at commencement date.
8098	They will, whenever they like, be able to withdraw lump sums from their pension funds.
8099	They worked quickly and were very helpful.
8100	They would like to install a nature area, to include bird feeding stations, two bird hides, Buddleja planting to entice butterflies, and log piles and bug hotels to attract wildlife.
8101	Thieves stole a Porsche from a dealership in the early hours - before using it to ram their way out.
8102	Things are a lot better than they were, but it’s more subtle discrimination.’
8103	Things to do BelfastAuditions for Bonnie And Clyde The Musical taking place in BelfastDo you know any talented young performers who would love to star in this?
8104	Think about who would be interested in your business and why what information do they want/need to know about this industry.
8105	Thinking about it, even if you manage to get his service records, it won't help you with what happened to him after he left the forces.
8106	Think in terms of RVs that are comparable with a brand like Lexus in this segment and you shouldn't be too far out.
8107	Think tank calls for more tenant-power in private ren.
8108	Third party (Woopra Analytics) Visitor ID data used to measure site performance.
8109	Thirteen Twenty Contracts Ltd is a shopfitting company which carries out various building work for shop units.
8110	This 2 bedroom apartment comprising of approx.
8111	This acclaimed historical building has been redeveloped into the University of Liverpool's Museum and Art Gallery, displaying the University's collection of art and early medical equipment.
8112	This account is currently paying a market leading high street rate of 2.25%.
8113	This acts as a go-between to help the consumer and the garage or dealership sort any issues out.
8114	This afternoon, the Chair of the Global Platform presented his draft summary, the key outcome document setting out priorities and way forward on HFA2.
8115	This allows a change of air.
8116	This allows for further savings on foundations and makes it an ideal material for constructing additional storeys on existing buildings.
8117	This allows you to purchase and manage domain names for your clients.
8118	This also applies to Satellite Navigation or GPS devices, so ensure that you disable this feature in the settings.
8119	This also includes relevant case studies.
8120	This applies until it is fit for use or a suitable control measure has been employed to ensure the detainee’s welfare, for example, placing the detained person under close proximity supervision (level 4).
8121	This attractive country pub has a beer garden and serves excellent home-cooked food.
8122	“This award is thoroughly deserved for Yasin’s truly outstanding contribution to the council, the borough of rochdale and our communities.
8123	This Bean of Freeport Fall tartan, has been designed as part of collection in celebration of the 30th Anniversary of the original Bean of Freeport Tartan and follows a similar sett to the original, however has been simplified to a modern design.
8124	This beautiful country house hotel, with its stunning gardens and woodland, is a haven of tranquillity close to historic Chester.
8125	This became the Walled Garden in the 1730s, when Henry Vane Fletcher built high brick walls along two sides for training fruit trees.
8126	This blog is an account of my experiences, thoughts and feelings of what it's like to be a foster carer.
8127	This briefing outlines why the Green Paper must set out a plan to bridge the 30,000 homes per year gap between current supply and objectively-assessed need, with the aim of reducing the cost of housing for low-income families.
8128	This brilliant event is fantastic fun for all, but with a particular focus on welcoming those who are new to the sport.
8129	This building eventually became known as Webster and Webb, the publisher, library and printing services.
8130	This bungalow is well presented and offers good size living accommodation.
8131	This can be a difficult job as it is very easy to damage old floorboards.
8132	This can be even more damaging than them retaliating, as it means they’ve given up trying to address the situation and instead are just trying to get used to it.
8133	This can be in a side to side, an up and down, or a circular motion, or a combination of these.
8134	This can be very difficult and a disagreement can quickly become a dispute, which can increase feelings of anger and frustration.
8135	This can have the effect of re-basing the EMI option with the requirement for a new exercise price to be set (at a potentially higher market value than when the original option was granted) along with further EMI compliance requirements.
8136	This can lead to long queues with limited shelter, not ideal if either wet or extremely hot.
8137	This can range from a complete design and installation service through to recommendations on cutting-edge, innovative kitchen equipment.
8138	This can then be added to in the future, from detailed surveys where necessary.
8139	This case was brought by three drivers, classified by the company as self-employed, who claimed they earned around £5 an hour.
8140	This challenge seeks to set the experts apart from the novices, as contestants work together to make their version of this frozen favourite.
8141	This charge is just another stealth tax and money-making scheme.
8142	This chart presents the status of Non-Domestic RHI applications and accreditations at quarterly intervals since the scheme began, split by key categories.
8143	This class 11 device was engineered in the USA by Bellus Medical to enhance reliability, safety and performance.
8144	This classic circuit is the finest walk on Bute; it also forms the first stage of the West Island Way.
8145	This clinically validated tool measures children’s self-reported wellbeing, asking children to rate their own individual, interpersonal, social and overall wellbeing.
8146	This cohort study was conducted when Vietnam used the eight month first line treatment regimen and examined risk factors for failure/relapse among patients with isoniazid resistant TB.
8147	This contemporary deluxe twin room has been styled simply but effectively and the room is also larger.
8148	This contributes to their resettlement and reintegration when they’re released, - giving them the best opportunity not to reoffend in the future.”
8149	This cookie is used to identify the source of traffic.
8150	This corporate experience has been invaluable to the business and has assisted in advancing our internal systems and controls.
8151	This cottage is in a great location - an easy drive to all parts of the island and in a relaxing and peaceful area with a gorgeous view over Loch Snizort.
8152	This could be for two reasons: 1, Trump’s softer approach in his victory speech may suggest that he will leave the Fed alone, and allow them to get on with their job, which includes hiking interest rates.
8153	This could be why long-term, the research showed punishment proved more effective.
8154	This could cover infrastructure managers, operators of passenger and freight trains, rolling-stock leasing companies and manufacturers or suppliers of trains.
8155	This course is about designing and managing the most efficient means of production, in order to make the best products.
8156	This course is accredited by the on behalf of the Engineering Council and meets the requirements for Further Learning for registration as a Chartered Engineer.
8157	This course is taught by a mixture of individual and group work sessions to demonstrate understanding of key accounting principles.
8158	This course provides academic recognition of your knowledge of data protection and information governance law and your ability to apply that knowledge to practice.
8159	This course will give you the tools to look at your skills and aspirations, and show you how to research and use opportunities.
8160	This data may include information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit and other statistics relating to your use of the Website.
8161	This dazzling set will keep the party going on all night long.
8162	“This decision marks the beginning of a significant transformation in the way people travel in the North-West region,” he said.
8163	This degree enables you to take a full range of German modules and keep up your French language.
8164	This detail is contained within code-related guidance.
8165	This development also has a communal OWNERS' LOUNGE and COFFEE BAR.
8166	This disturbs marine worms out of their burrow, dislodges shellfish such as mussels, limpets and cockles from their home on rocks, and forces small fish, crabs and other forms of marine life out of weed beds.
8167	This document contains the articles from older SSAB newsletters.
8168	This document incorporates both of the above, as well as arrangements for those situations where a payment may be made that is taxable (e.g. payment in return for work, taxable benefits, etc.).
8169	This does not mean that people who have a long-term condition or a disability cannot be appointed.
8170	This doesn’t have to be continuous, so long as it was a public sector tenancy.
8171	This does work, reducing limescale and softening the water to an extent as soon as you have used up the untreated water in your tank.
8172	"This dramatic rise is extremely concerning and shows just how extensive child sexual abuse is.
8173	This edition reports on the escape of 21 IRA men after a breakout from the Maze Prison.
8174	This elegant design also offers an open air passage to the ear, minimising the occlusion effect*, whilst keeping the ear ventilated for optimum comfort.
8175	This elegant tree-lined boulevard is packed with chic boutiques selling the latest fashions.
8176	This email list is stored solely for notification purposes of the newsletter, and will not be shared externally.
8177	This encourages open dialogue.
8178	This evening, dine ashore and mingle with the locals, as we will be spending the night in port.
8179	This event is part of the Cityread London 2014 season.
8180	This excursion introduces you to the rich Jewish heritage of Moscow in a state-of-the-art museum that uses modern technology to tell a story that goes back centuries.
8181	This exhibition at the Centre of Ceramic Art (CoCA) highlights this less well known area of her practice.
8182	This extra special event is for just 3 days only and includes a massive selection of brand new and quality pre-reg Vauxhall cars, all of them with huge savings.
8183	This FAQ will help you to access your domain name if its in another accountThis…
8184	This fee will be in addition to any service charge for the supply of the Copy.
8185	This figure actually fell by 1 per cent from 2015-16 to 2016-17, compared to a 24 per cent increase in knife crime London-wide.
8186	This figure is 8.7% lower than last year, which compares badly to the UK wide figure of 8.8%.
8187	This film is an example of a critical and artistic remixing of, and operation on, the image that comes closer to Rancière’s third category of future-images.
8188	This film was sponsored by the War Office and produced in Britain.
8189	This flexibility is designed to enable you to plan provision that best suits you and your child.
8190	This focuses on five key areas: our customers, homes, places, operations and people.
8191	This fully electric Nissan Leaf has no CO2 emissions and costs less than £40,000.
8192	This guide also includes our current charge structure.
8193	This guide assumes that you are logged into cPanel and that the domain concerned is already parked, added on or the primary domain.
8194	This guide covers how a systematic and structured process can be used to develop the internal audit strategic plan, going through a 7 step process.
8195	This hall has perhaps the finest acoustics of any concert venue, and the orchestra is one of the top five in the world, so we enjoyed a Beethoven piano concerto, the Harry Janos Suite by Kodaly and a Prokoflev orchestral piece.
8196	This handcrafted bee house is easy to use.
8197	This happened in iOS 11, when some people took to to look for answers when AirPlay stopped working following an iOS 11 update in September 2017.
8198	This has been a model of how to build support, not least because we all want to do something to help so many of our constituents.
8199	“This has been an exceptional year for the Festival with many events sold out and record numbers attending.
8200	This has been recognised by it being awarded the Gold Royal Society for Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) Award, which is the fifth year in a row the company has received this prestigious accreditation.
8201	This has been reinforced in the Leeds County Court case of in a claim again by an estranged daughter who received no provision in her father’s Will.
8202	This has been superseded by Low Vision LOCSU Theory – Online (codes starting with 'LOCSULV18').
8203	"This has helped to move the project forward at a rapid pace through successful partnership working on funding, design and delivery expertise," he said.
8204	This has involved producing a joint guide, explaining our separate but complementary roles.
8205	This has now become one of our favourites, for a toy it’s size the vibrations are surprisingly quite rumbly, ideal for solo use also, plus it has the added benefit of being waterproof.
8206	This has served to reinforce the area's pride in its own Northern English culture.
8207	“This has worked previously with music festivals we’ve designed for, which have a similar agenda and spirit to Dreamland.”
8208	This Healthy Wednesday – do a good deed!
8209	This helpsheet explains how chattels are treated for Capital Gains Tax.
8210	This highlights that challenges remain for the consumer-facing sector as the squeeze on household incomes continues.
8211	This horseshoe-shaped cove comes with a double helping of ice-cream shops, watersports and open-air restaurants.
8212	This impressive effect is attained by tinting the dough and braiding different colours prior to baking.
8213	This includes a digital game for West Stow Anglo-Saxon Village.
8214	This includes a valid credit or debit card and at least one vehicle registration number.
8215	This includes not leaving them running overnight or when the house is empty, if they are not designed for this purpose.
8216	This includes the roof, chimney, walls, gutters and drains.
8217	This includes those parents on zero contract hours who meet the criteria.
8218	This increased inequality.
8219	This information could be used to more closely manage the transition or may prompt the Firm to consider whether the customer would benefit from additional support.
8220	This information standard is a dictionary for use in the National Health Service (NHS) of medicines licensed in the United Kingdom.
8221	This information, whether it is on paper or in electronic format, has legal protection under the Data Protection Act 1998.
8222	This innovative technology helps provide photographic evidence of active bat roosts where they are detected.
8223	This introductory guidance is drawn from a more detailed research governance Research Data Security Guidance document which researchers are encouraged to read (this document is only accessible to UWE Bristol staff and students).
8224	This involves agreeing access to properties during construction and agreeing finished landscaping works to be instated when the scheme has been completed.
8225	This involves part of the assessment of applicants/candidates being made on the basis of their demonstration of particular behavioural attributes, in addition to an assessment of the knowledge, skills and experience required for the role.
8226	This is a 24 week course based on the Ùlpan system - learning as you would your first.
8227	This is a Budget room with old decor and dated carpets, which will be renovated in time.
8228	This is a charge for minor repairs and maintenance carried out to communal areas.
8229	This is a clear example of how GW4 can harness the strengths of its universities and industrial partners across the region to produce pioneering solutions to some of our greatest global challenges."
8230	This is actually stashed in the Puntacana Retreat & Club, makings it one more reason to remain at that fine location.
8231	This is a full-time, permanent post.
8232	This is a good place to really sell yourself so make the most of it!
8233	This is aimed at qualified electricians who need to carry out periodic inspection, testing and certification of existing installations as part of their work.
8234	This is a legitimate aim.
8235	This is all about the atmosphere where low-level lighting is desired to highlight interior design elements.
8236	This is a look that suits both pale and olive skins, and can be worn by day or night, making it a great beauty all-rounder at this time of year.
8237	This is a moderate walk, with 1 steep climb, through woods and farmland, taking in some of the beautiful countryside north of Usk, and returning along the east bank of the Usk.
8238	This is a MYTH.
8239	This is an agreement between Lancashire Enterprise Partnership and Preston City Council, South Ribble Borough Council and Lancashire County Council, along with central government and the Homes and Communities Agency (HCA).
8240	This is an evangelistic series for children that covers the 28 Fundamental Beliefs of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
8241	This is an example of a Blue Cross prescription label.
8242	This is an informative course that will Increase your understanding of the reasons that Child to Parent Violence (CPV) may arise.
8243	This is an innovate step by one of the most significant graduate recruiters in the UK.
8244	This is another example of the close working that is developing between AHP/MHP and the Tenants Scrutiny Panel to try and provide service improvements and achieve best value for money.
8245	This is another important, if less glamorous, way we are able to help churches.
8246	‘This is a profoundly generous and good-hearted book, one that leaves you missing its characters as you would fondly remembered friends.
8247	This is a sandwich like no other.
8248	This is a situation where constituency boundaries are determined by the numbers of registered voters.
8249	This is a small power catamaran, equipped with all the latest multibeam survey technology.
8250	This is a very poorly reproduced image, but it's the best we have, of a fight that took place in Congress — an actual fistfight.
8251	This is a wonderful book which I would recommend to children between ages 3 to 5. Cat journeys to find colours and ends up with lots of them.
8252	This is because exactly the correct amount of tax relief will have been given on the donation and there is nothing else to do.
8253	This is because for six months from May 20, Network Rail, which is responsible for managing Britain's rail infrastructure, has chosen to reduce the amount of notice it gives train operators, meaning timetables will be published later than normal.
8254	This is because she has no jurisdiction to consider complaints about the provision or management of council housing.
8255	This is because the research is based on the formal setting of a kindergarten, and the writer extrapolates from this that ‘one to one’ teaching must therefore be better.
8256	This is because your eyesight may not be as good as it was before and it may take some time for it to return to normal.
8257	This is broken down into semi-detached properties at £453,000, detached properties at £787,000 and flats at £266,000.
8258	This is by no means an exhaustive list but hopefully it gives you an idea of the necessities for your year abroad.
8259	“This is different.
8260	This is due to the fact that these over-the-counter medications are difficult for the liver to process.
8261	This is due to the increasing use of contactless payments and the growing number of retailers that have invested in payment technology to accept contactless payments.
8262	This is excellent news for people in the constituency who live in rural areas unconnected to the fast broadband network.
8263	This is followed by credit cards, with an average borrowing amount of £1,378 (down 7%), and borrowing from family (at £971 on average, down 49%).
8264	This is Grahame’s account of his first year since leaving Edinburgh College of Art (ECA)…
8265	This is great news for customers who wish to consume fashion ethically, but not spend heavily.
8266	This is, however, offset by some minor areas for improvement relating to the recording of tasks undertaken by individual maintenance team members.
8267	This is in contrast to the smaller, less powerful economies, such as the accession economies Poland, Bulgaria and so on, where participation rates are around 67 percent.
8268	This is indeed a positive vision moving forward, and a set of values that I will enjoy upholding.
8269	This is just to let you all know my Wendy passed away on 21st April.
8270	This is known as the route of transmission.
8271	This is my second year as a Trustee.
8272	This is my way to maintain a balanced life as a student and a mom.
8273	This is not a report on the pay difference between men and women who carry out the same jobs, similar jobs, or work of equal value.
8274	This is not legal advice.
8275	“This is not new, but the public now gets it, particularly children,” he says.
8276	This is not only for practical reasons but because so often the space and the art on the walls provides new inspiration.
8277	This isn’t a great hunting ground for the young and cash strapped.
8278	This isn't to say that we don't already have brilliant people, because we do.
8279	This is particularly important for you if you want to stay in the UK as a student or if you want to make an application in a work category of the immigration rules.
8280	This is payable when the application is deposited.
8281	This is reflected in their menu which has plenty of vegetarian, vegan and gluten free options.
8282	This is repeated to create a firm, level surface.
8283	“This is simply not a budget for everyone in Solihull.”
8284	This is something very special and a great place to unwind and de-stress in the company of these beautiful beasts.
8285	This is somewhat of a rarity in the MPV car market as many other manufacturers' cars can feel a little top heavy.
8286	This is so that they can make further informed decisions about their care and treatment.
8287	This is standard commercial practice and an established mechanism for ensuring a degree of personal commitment to repayment of the facility by individuals with a beneficial interest in the business.
8288	This issue is exasperated since FAM 30 rapidly depletes in tanks under a high bioload.
8289	This is the first cut since March 2009 – so what does it mean for mortgages?
8290	This is the heart of the apostolic life.
8291	This is the highest the number of home-workers has been since records began.
8292	This is the legislation which governs how jointly owned property is held.
8293	This is the premier award for the Research and Development Sector and recognises NPL's excellence in Health and Safety performance.
8294	This is the replacement 370W ultra-high pressure lamp, designed to fit the XEED WUX6500 projector.
8295	This is the second consecutive month such a decline has occurred and it means they are 16 per cent below the recent peak recorded in January 2014.
8296	This is the temporary natural phenomenon of efflorescence which is in no way detrimental to the performance of the product.
8297	This is the third consecutive quarter of job creation for SMEs and shows that confidence is returning as businesses sustain a steady rate of recovery.
8298	This is the third draft of the our trailblazer apprenticeship standard for the Creative Venue Technician apprenticeship (formerly known as Theatre Technician).
8299	This is to ensure candid discussion in the Network and to prevent it becoming a hunting ground for consultants and vendors.
8300	This is totally, madly transformative.
8301	This is used because sometimes cues from the practitioner can influence a patient’s perception of the treatment, and therefore the placebo effect.
8302	This is usually from your P45 - if you don’t have one, your employer may ask you to fill in a ‘new starter checklist’.
8303	This is usually much greater in electoral than in street fighting terms and is often less than it was half a dozen years ago.
8304	This is why feeling tired is such a good indicator of dietary problems.
8305	This is why it takes me about three months to build each one.
8306	This is your chance to see the iconic music from Game Of Thrones performed live in the UK.
8307	This Italian Fish Stew based, albeit VERY roughly, on a recipe called Sardinian Fish Stew, included in by Ursula Ferrigno.
8308	This key ring, is a perfect gift or addition to your own keys.
8309	“This lady’s family roots show that she is considered a Sephardic Jew from her mother’s side.
8310	This land is an area of interest and should never have been available for development, it’s integral to maintaining the character of Galley Common as a village with green spaces accessible to local residents.
8311	This laptop is refurbished and is in a fully operational condition.
8312	This leaflet draws attention to a number of plaques in the city centre and Old Aberdeen.
8313	This led to every application needing its own pot of data which resulted in duplication.
8314	This line of argument is plain wrong.
8315	This makes it difficult to anticipate which party potential voters would support.
8316	This makes many clients, particularly those who rarely use legal services, vulnerable to receiving poor service, being misled or being financially disadvantaged.
8317	This makes sense because large animals' skeletons must bear greater body weight than small animals.
8318	This means confirmation of their status a) as a current postholder within the University b)who will not have exceeded the maximum consecutive terms of office by the end of term advertised.
8319	This means, first and foremost, getting after the story.
8320	This means that once you have consented to our processing of your personal data, we will retain your data in accordance with the consent given and/or until you revoke your consent.
8321	This means that SMSR Ltd will forward details of the areas where you were unsatisfied along with your name and telephone number to the Satisfaction Lead (an officer) on the district where the crime was committed.
8322	This means that we can offer perfect quality, designer products and a same-day delivery service to be proud of - and that you receive an assured level of service.
8323	This means that we won’t be sharing your information with other institutions, even if requested.
8324	This means that when the elder one starts instead of ignoring her like she used to she gets angry and agressive.
8325	This means that you can afford to be more adventurous than might otherwise be the case: you can read beyond the syllabus, try out your own ideas, and reach your own conclusions.
8326	This means that you can get on with running your business – protected from the consequences of inconsistent local interpretation of regulations.
8327	This means you will be among the first to create a unique and unforgettable web address.
8328	This meant coping with styles of football that are uncommon on UK soil, such as the 4-3-3 formation used by the Dutch or 3-5-2 employed by the Germans, or the European referees’ almost non-contact approach to the game.
8329	This meeting is a fantastic opportunity to reinforce current thinking, explore recovery through the use of enforcement agents and to network generally.
8330	This memorial is located in Inverkip at the A78 lay-by.
8331	This modern hotel is situated just 15 minutes from the Juan Santamaria International Airport.
8332	This module introduces important policy, theory and debate in the fields of special and inclusive education.
8333	This month, Mazda’s sixth generation cars captured two ‘Best Car’ awards at the ‘ 2013 Honours’, the all-new Mazda6 took the ‘Best Upper Medium’ title, while the Mazda CX-5 compact SUV won the ‘Best Small SUV’ category.
8334	This month we catch up with Gary from Manchester to see how his commute to work by bike has changed his life.
8335	This more common flushing option is available for both wall-mounted and floor-standing models.
8336	This morning's destination is the wonderful port of Helsinki, where the City Hall overlooks the fresh fish stalls and historic, covered Market Hall in Market Square.
8337	This MUST be transferred using TLS or equivalent.
8338	This new fire safety initiative is aimed at a potentially vulnerable group of adults, ensuring their own personal safety, and the safety of their households.
8339	This new proprietary combustion engine combines the advantages of gasoline and diesel engines to achieve outstanding environmental performance, power and acceleration performance.
8340	This NHS Continuing Workforce Development module will enable senior practitioners to manage and be responsible for the care and treatment of service users detailed under the Mental Health Act 1983.
8341	This observation discusses the key findings in more detail.
8342	This obviously raises the question of how we define a social democratic party.
8343	This offence was created following the ‘LIBOR’ scandal which related to the improper rigging of an interest rate benchmark known as the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR).
8344	This One Size bodystocking is a wonderful choice for ladies who like to make maximum impact in bed with minimal effort.
8345	This online course is for anybody, trained or untrained, who wishes to feel more confident in dealing with a collapsed adult or child.
8346	This only takes a couple of minutes and is then sent to the main base at County Hall in Matlock where another team will then take over and get to work allocating when they can be fixed.
8347	This opening Netball Quad Series game was always going to be a tough challenge for England as they took on a new-look New Zealand side on their home soil.
8348	This page displays sold house prices for Cawston Way in Rugby.
8349	This page displays sold house prices for Drummond Close in Coventry.
8350	This page identifies sources of information that are aimed to help those who prefer not to use a mouse and those with some sight loss.
8351	This page is designed to help Railfuture members who volunteer to help keep the Railfuture website updated.
8352	This page shows businesses on Pegwood Road.
8353	This page shows businesses on Turnberry Drive.
8354	This page shows businesses on Whitehall Road.
8355	This page was last modified on 28 September 2017, at 17:14.
8356	This page was last modified on 8 December 2017, at 06:51.
8357	This pamphlet is designed to lead a wider public discussion - of the ‘whys’ and ‘how’ of MPs job-share.
8358	This pay-out is made ahead of other shareholders and is calculated as a fixed percentage of the nominal value of the share.
8359	This picturesque town in the Cairngorms National Park is an outdoor-lover’s playground.
8360	This pizza is perfect for a supper with friends, easy and quick to make; the shallots can be prepared ahead of time and everything simply thrown together at the last minute.
8361	This placid fishing village on the island’s north-west peninsula is little more than a tumble of streets set back from a boat-bobbing harbour.
8362	This plan includes a total contribution of £940 to cover all third party fees.
8363	This pleasant, little intimate place offers fine Sardinian cuisine served on charming, chunky wood tables.
8364	This poem was sent in by Karen who wrote it after seeing a piece of bad practice.
8365	This presentation will discuss some of the findings from a three-month research project, Moving Online, undertaken in partnership with the Digital Catapult.
8366	This press release has been prepared for general interest and it is important to obtain professional advice on specific issues.
8367	This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may want to check it each time you visit the website.
8368	This problem is not affecting the Courtyard tea-room or any other areas.
8369	This product is a retarded hemihydrate, pre-mixed plaster, requiring only the addition of clean water to prepare it for use.
8370	This programme is designed to develop a specially selected group of leaders who can…
8371	This programme is open to all full-time MBA students and international postgraduate students (non-EU) in their first semester.
8372	This promotion is available for a limited time only, and expires on Monday 26th March 2018 at midnight.
8373	This property comprises entrance porch, entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/diner, lounge, 3 bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear garden and a garage.
8374	This property is a great base for exploring the wonderful west coast and nearby islands, standing at the top of the hill, McCaigs Tower a short walk away.
8375	This protection will last until April 2021.
8376	This provides added back support and means that the wider, heavier straw work won’t sag over time, meaning your chair will last in your family for generations to come.
8377	This radiofrequency current had been developed by the Western Electric Company.
8378	This reduced flexing with the top end of the spring acting directly onto the frame instead of the back plate.
8379	This reduces the need for unnecessary storage and cuts lorry emissions.
8380	This register of interests was published on Friday, 2nd November, 2012, 12.53 pm.
8381	This reiterates the market sentiment at the moment, where supplies of pigs are tight, resulting in a rise in prices.
8382	This release will be even more antipcated than usual for any clues that it may give us about how the UK economy has performed since June’s vote to leave the European Union.
8383	This report details contracts awarded in accordance with the provisions of the current Contract Procedure Rule 1.8.
8384	"This report will help UK rail operators understand how mobile solutions can solve problems at the traveler experience level – such as peak capacity overcrowding – and create ancillary revenue opportunities throughout the passenger journey."
8385	This requirement is met vy attending a Dangerous Goods by Air Certificate course.
8386	This resource could have a much wider reach than just the classroom and be used by anyone that wants to understand what is in their food and have the confidence to make informed choices.”
8387	This results in granting the criminal access to the organisations data.
8388	This results in rising food prices around the world, especially in developing countries.
8389	This review focuses on educational interventions to prevent violence in adolescents and young adults specifically in the context of relationships and dating violence.
8390	This role encompasses processing, dispatching, goods-in, frozen packaging and stock management.
8391	This role is to help people visiting the library and assist with the library routines to maintain an effective service in a pleasant environment.
8392	This role will be responsible for setting the data architecture strategy & vision and for managing day-to-day tactical operations of the BI team.
8393	This route is featured in the Go Outdoors '10 Great Peak District Walks'
8394	This sandal style is perfect with wide leg flared trousers.
8395	This scheme, funded by the Welsh Government, makes it possible for a number of agencies to work together to give individuals the right type of support for their needs.
8396	This scheme provides short breaks for families, by linking children with a disability or special need, aged up to 18, to another family or individual, who provides care in their home.
8397	This scholarly, monastic community was a precursor of the modern University tradition which spread across Europe and around the world.
8398	This section allows you to sharpen a range of journalistic skills, whilst engaging with some of the more creative aspects of the paper, as you commission images and illustrations to suit a weekly theme.
8399	This section explains how the Department's complaints procedure for Section 75 equality of opportunity and good relations issues works.
8400	This section explains what you can do if a healthcare or care provider has unlawfully discriminated against you.
8401	This section provides a range of services and information for the protection and enhancement of the historic built environment and for the natural environment.
8402	This sentimental charm is a lovely addition to your Pandora bracelet as a reminder of not only your wedding day, but your new family too.
8403	This series contains court records from the North Riding Quarter Sessions bundle for Christmas 1797.
8404	This service helps: Homeless people, those who are lonely or isolated.
8405	This service is due to launch later in 2014.
8406	This session will propose new means of understanding the past and present symbiosis of arctic exploration in order to draw forth its involvement in, and implications for, current political and academic debates.
8407	This Shiftmate is just to improve the cable line into the rear mech, it leads to crisper gear changes.
8408	"This simply isn't good enough and much more needs to be done.
8409	This site has been set up to provide useful information, links and contacts for employees.
8410	This site will only work if you have JavaScript switched on.
8411	This small circular tray is very popular with the birds.
8412	This smart, yet fun restaurant specialises in Japanese-style cuisine and the open kitchen adds an element of theatre.
8413	This special edition of Lambeth talk celebrates ‘Better Homes’ our scheme aiming to deliver more new, affordable homes in the borough.
8414	This steady decline at a school which mainly caters for pupils aged 14-16 years has eventually made the senior high unsustainable in its current form, thus exposing a serious flaw in the Dickson Plan.
8415	This step is where you will need to fill in the account information that would have been provided to you by our support team.
8416	This step would also lessen the global proliferation of advanced weapons systems.
8417	This stops them spending it and gives you extra protection that could help you get your money back when you move out.
8418	This study details how genomic plasticity within lineages of recombinogenic bacteria can permit adaptation to clinical interventions over remarkably short time scales.
8419	This stunning space really is a hidden gem; including a water garden, woodland area, scree beds and gravel garden.
8420	This Sunday we welcome all our civic guests and those who represent the many public and voluntary organisations within our region as well as representatives of catholic societies and organisations throughout the Archdiocese.
8421	This system of self-selection obviously left the Commissioners open to complaints of cronyism and nepotism; such complaints were probably well placed as, for example, in 1850 six of the Commissioners were Cobbs.
8422	This system simulates the ocean-atmosphere processes and interactions that determine tropical storm development.
8423	This takes the form of curriculum-based teaching followed by facilitated small group case based discussions.
8424	This test reveals how likely the ebook reader is to survive if dropped from a height, or accidentally stood on.
8425	This then drops to the towpath by the first bridge.
8426	This Tiptree jam is superb quality, like everything I’ve tried in the range (see below for reviews of Tawny Marmalade, Little Scarlet Strawberry Conserve and Damson Conserve).
8427	This, too, can increase your social confidence and social life because you feel more fashionable and beautiful in clothes that do not have to cover up a drooping neck.
8428	This tool should not be used as an alternative for professional financial planning.
8429	This tough-as-dirt LEGO Technic 2-wheeler has lots of authentic features, like chain-drive, working pistons, front and rear suspension and knobby tires.
8430	This turned out to be quite a spectacle as all 52 competitors were allowed to join in the gallop.
8431	This unfortunately promotes appetite and weight gain, higher levels of testosterone, and irregular periods.
8432	This video provides a great overview to 3D printing, looking first at different ways of manufacture, before explaining the 3D printing process.
8433	This Virgin’s wonky eyes and inscrutable expression are not at all what we associate with the heights of Italian Renaissance art.
8434	This ward accommodates male and female patients in separate areas.
8435	This warranty applies only to manufacturing defects and does not apply to damage caused by abuse, misuse, improper installation, normal wear and tear or any other type of damage.
8436	This was all moments before the show-stopping moment Cinders carriage took off and flew out into the audience.
8437	This was arranged by you, whom unsolicited, contacted me to stay with your company after I had cancelled and left, due to cost increase.
8438	‘This was done under fire, and the 9/KOYLI, advanced well and in fair formation to approximately fifty yards from the objective, where it occupied the shell craters that were everywhere existing.
8439	This was, in the final analysis, what doomed the Socialist Labour Party, the Socialist Alliance, Respect and now No2EU.
8440	This was particularly evident in the management of an OPEL four alert.
8441	This was produced by a sharp weapon such as a sword or dagger.
8442	This was received by the council on 08 January 2018 and no modification was made to the plan.
8443	This was refused.
8444	This was seen in ratings of their perceived competence, workplace commitment and ‘promotability’, and was especially apparent in their perceived ‘hirability’.
8445	This was the site of an infamous shanty town during the railway construction, a task which required many tunnels, viaducts and bridges, and cost many lives.
8446	This weather is due to return to normal temps this week but I’m sure someone will come up with a good suggestion.
8447	This web site does not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, or e-mail address.
8448	This week I have seen headlines again blaming the current NHS crisis to inefficiencies, drunks, lazy staff or even immigrants.
8449	This week is National Gardening Week, and here at HomeAway.
8450	This week we saw a video of a few West Ham fans giving full throat to their foreskins on the way to play Spurs, a club gamely supported by their vocal and self-styled Yid Army.
8451	This West Division fixture brought the curtain down on the Easter Hop with 293 at The Campus to see a good contest.
8452	This will allow you to see what type of traffic is converting best (for example, traffic that found your website on Google is found to opt-in the most) and where visitors are converting.
8453	This will be accepted by the buyer’s conveyancer when the buyer is otherwise satisfied with the property and simply wants to make protect themselves and any mortgage ledger against future problems.
8454	This will be our fourth collaboration with Headlong in as many years and the relevance of the play, as British politics lurches from one crisis to another, remains as strong as when I first saw it.”
8455	This will bring many even more visitors to our venue.
8456	This will check for spent and unspent convictions, cautions, reprimands and final warnings.
8457	This will create a period of limbo for pension investors in this position.
8458	This will ensure you keep cool when the temperature begins to heat up and warm when it drops as well as keeping everything in place whilst you’re out and about.
8459	This will equip them with the knowledge to be able to write and assess rudimentary business plans and make informed decisions about product and business development.
8460	This will help to drive commercial value and ensure that the organisation is fully compliant."
8461	This will help us to identify any potential future opportunities to manage surface water.”
8462	This will help you recognise and clearly communicate ahead of problems arising.
8463	This will help you to identify and address any weaker areas and build on your strengths moving forward.
8464	This will include promotion with key partners, a tailored search on your behalf by our TrusteeWorks team, and lots of social media promotion during (7-13 November).
8465	This will permit the extension of granulation models to include physical information on the frequency and velocity of particle collisions.
8466	“This will remove the current rigmarole of a woman requiring to attend the Hospital to be provided with the first pill and then sent home.
8467	This winter, fashionable young ladies are dressing for the freezing temperatures by hanging a fur stole over their jackets or by wrapping over a fur scarf around their necks.
8468	This work across the world made him many friends and political allies but some serious enemies too.
8469	This work must be finished before the agreed date on which installation work is due to start.
8470	This work shows how students of any age and ability can take responsibility for their own learning in an environment of positive regard, as teachers become facilitators rather than instructors.
8471	This would allow residents in wheelchairs to use this section and to visit the Rosebourne garden centre which at present they are unable to do.
8472	This would also require the services of a locksmith and it has to be remembered that all reasonable expenses would be passed to the householder.
8473	This would be particularly helpful for location-based businesses, but even for online shops this can be useful for building trust and for increasing ad space, so do this if you can.
8474	This would help us to collect much needed donations to ontinue our vital work in Norwich.
8475	This year 27 sites were awarded the title of Most Considerate Site Runner-up, which rewards exceptional measures go far beyond the.
8476	This year a major item at the Parish Meeting will be the progress of the Village Plan, on which you will find more information in this edition of the Girton Parish News.
8477	This year I’ve got a bunch of 500+ page books that look impressive until you realise that their size is the main reason I haven’t read them yet, and I’m hoping to slowly work my way through that pile.
8478	This year, more than 200 local shops and businesses have joined the scheme - nearly 50 more than when the card was launched last year.
8479	This year’s Open House will take place during the weekend of 20 & 21 September, and at King’s Cross we are getting ready to welcome visitors and explain more about King’s Cross, one of Europe’s most lauded urban development projects.
8480	This year we are going to Bracklesham Bay for four days for the Paul James variety show, and a five day holiday to the Isle of Wight, plus five days in Blackpool for the lights incorporating Lake Windermere and other interesting places.
8481	THORPE PARK Resort is within easy reach of London.
8482	Those businesses do not have a dominant market position.
8483	Those extra presents for the kids and the fun Christmas jumpers all took a big chunk out of the household budget.
8484	Those in the clothing trade include four shoemakers and five tailors and drapers; those offering more specialist services such as dress-making or wig-making only appeared in the town when holidaymakers started to arrive.
8485	Those left in scope of LASPO were meant to be the people with the most serious problems.
8486	Those looking for semi-detached houses may expect to pay £119,000, whereas detached properties typically fetch £202,000.
8487	Those members are clinicians, NHS managers, public partners and ABPI members.
8488	Those obligations are derived from the UK’s membership of the EU.
8489	Those of you who know me well will be aware of my interest in track bias at certain U.K. tracks.
8490	Those reviews really seem to help build trust in potential customers being able to hear about the experience that previous customers have had.
8491	Those taking part were able to battle it out through all the old favourites – tug of war, egg and spoon race and quick cricket among others before the winners picked up their medals in a special ceremony.
8492	Those which have been confirmed to have been broken into include the Happiness Store, The Sandwich Store, the British Red Cross shop and Charisma, the Indian restaurant.
8493	Those who are arriving here by coach can choose National Express or Mega bus, as they prefer.
8494	Those who did go into work tended to find jobs in London or the South East, and be working in education, marketing and advertising or the finance industry.
8495	Though costs may rise for some, property will remain a viable investment for those with the right attitude, expertise, and willingness to adapt and adjust their strategy as required.
8496	Though, if website security is your number one concern, it may just be worth it: TYPO3 is considered the content management system.
8497	Though really for things like chi squared and t tests, you can probably do the maths manually.
8498	Though they won by just two points they thoroughly deserved this victory.
8499	Though you might think that you get all the money donated to your cause via a charity-giving site, that’s not usually the case.
8500	Thread veins can also be caused by being overweight, too much exposure to the sun or wind, exposure to extreme changes in temperature, radiotherapy or some other medications.
8501	Three types of heather grow on the North York Moors.
8502	Three workers in a Lincoln high street bakery shut down their store and threw away all the pasties in it to demand thousands of pounds of unpaid wages.
8503	Three years is too short for an investing horizon.
8504	Through adult education the WEA challenges and inspires individuals, communities and society to work for a better world.
8505	Through advising funders on which sites are most at risk, and targeting our own grant aid to areas that are far more difficult to fund in general, we will continue to reduce heritage at risk.
8506	Through our Growth Engine programmes we have helped 2 million Europeans get the digital skills they need to be successful online.
8507	Throughout February he got all the basics right, highlighting his strong kicking game and was thoroughly deserving of the Player of the Month Award.
8508	Throughout Nottinghamshire the items you place in your recycling bin at home are sent to Veolia's Material Recovery Facility (MRF) to be sorted.
8509	Throughout the 18th and into the 19th century legislation designed to discipline labour and repress `combination' came into force.
8510	"Throughout the day and beyond we will be working with partner organisations who will be able to give information on their own areas of expertise."
8511	Throughout the sale process the staff in branch were very helpful and advised of the next step when we were stuck.
8512	Throughout those years he received exemplary professional help and care, in many different ways and in many different places.
8513	Through the content we have engaged with almost 1000 charity professionals, 10% of whom went on to apply for our job vacancies".
8514	Through the European Solidarity Corps, all organisations looking for volunteers, employees or trainees for solidarity-minded projects can have an easy, single-point access to information, placement and recruitment services.
8515	Thunderball isn't available to play right now.
8516	Thunderous contemporary jets, powerful military helicopters and dynamic parachute displays offer exhilarating aerial excitement for all the family.
8517	Tickets for Lionel Richie’s show at The 1st Central County Ground, Hove on Saturday 23rd June are ON SALE NOW!
8518	Tickets for Maxi Day Tour - Tour of the Orkney IslandsYour security is important to us.
8519	“Tidelands Boathouse meets all expectations and more!
8520	Tier 4 CAMHS focuses on the most complex and clinically challenging 5% of the Tier 3 CAMHS population – around 70 children or young people per year.
8521	Tie the blouse as tight as you like for cleavage-cinching impact.
8522	Tiger Sheds offer the world's first zombie-proof shelter, their Zombie Fortification Cabin (ZFC-1) for £69,995 (plus £12,995 for installation and optional security cameras for £1,795).
8523	Tim also oversees the financial accounting side of the firm, which looks after personal tax and end of year accounts.
8524	Time to batten down the hatches and to celebrate the failure of Guido Fawkes and the National Saint of England who was punctured by a lot of arrows by those nasty Danes.
8525	Tim was born and bred in beautiful Suffolk and I was born in Lima-Peru and brought up in Milan-Italy.
8526	Tip 4: Be aware of the deadlines.
8527	Titsey Place Garden´s upper terrace is the perfect place to enjoy the long views across the Darent Valley, which extends to the beginnings of the South Downs.
8528	TL;DR: Even if it is only for a few days, try to fit in some time to do some solo travelling.
8529	To access OWL please click here.
8530	To access the online training, you will need internet access, an email address, a computer with at least Windows XP or higher or OSX SnowLeopard 10.6 or higher.
8531	To achieve a matte finish, simply apply onto damp hair for a firm hold, or onto dry hair for a medium hold.
8532	To address this issue for the 2018/19 tax year and for future tax years, HMRC have been working with scheme administrators to develop an online residency tax status look-up service, which should be available to use before 6 April 2018.
8533	To appear here you have to pay and if a user clicks on the link to your website you will pay for the click and this can become very expensive.
8534	To apply please complete an application form available below and return to the HR Coordinator via email to hr.
8535	To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions how many people returning to Jobcentre Plus after two years on the Work programme are aged under 25 years.
8536	To assist the public with disposals of their old computer equipment, we are offering our Free PC and Laptop Recycling Services when you use our paid services for hard drive data destruction.
8537	To be able to say now that we supplied more than 50% of the timber and timber-based products used in the construction of the London 2012 Olympic and Paralymic Games gives us enormous pride.
8538	To be eligible for funding, groups and organisations must demonstrate that their activities support one or both of the Arun Wellbeing and Health Partnership priorities, which are to Promote Physical Activity and Prevent Social Isolation.
8539	To begin, our directors will take the time to understand the property and the lender’s situation, discussing objectives and potential issues.
8540	Tobias Breame (Express, August 1), wrote about a selfish attitude of those who seek to save the pool.
8541	To book your tickets, head to AshfordArtsCentre.
8542	To celebrate the fruity little red treats we have put together our favourite strawberry recipes just in time for summer.
8543	To complete the MRes you must complete a research project (120 credits).
8544	To configure outlets for Aqualisa Q™ divert shower.
8545	To contact our Shop Customer Care department for more information please call 0800 1690299.
8546	To cope within this ever-advancing technological society, the chemistry course offered will endeavour to encourage pupils to be resilient, adaptable, thinking individuals, able to apply knowledge and initiative to solve problems.
8547	Today finds us in the fabled Isles of Scilly.
8548	Today in the Serengeti I long to see a leopard or a cheetah and, after a long drive, we see a lone leopard dangling in an acacia tree, feasting on the remains of a baby wildebeest it has dragged up into the branches.
8549	Today it attracts visitors with its Tudor architecture and 17th-century paintings and tells a story of changing fortunes – from a rural to industrial landscape and from a Gentry residence to tenanted farm.
8550	Today they put out a announcing that it is now 50 days until the opening.
8551	Today was about crazy as we woke up to the track that had been completely soaked due to overnight rain.
8552	Today, we are starting to share the results of that rebrand and redesign initiative.
8553	Today we have ten ‘Homes from Home’ at major hospitals around the country where families can stay free of charge.
8554	To discuss judging arrangements for the 2010 Higham Gardens for Pleasure Competition.
8555	To do it successfully, think about proportion and rely on a 70/20/10…
8556	To do this either click on the resolution you want or settings is selected as shown in Fig 3 then press the up arrow to the resolution above, repeat the process up or down until you find the best screen resolution for you.
8557	To do this, look at your staffing needs in relation to the wider objectives of the business.
8558	To earn Community Safety Accreditation your organisation and employees must prove that specific criteria can be met.
8559	To express an interest, please send an email to Maren Deepwell maren.
8560	To extend the walk you can continue along the coast path on the St Ives to Zennor Walk.
8561	To feel confident that the Governors and management of Forest School will invest and use their donations wisely and appropriately, acting at all times in the long-term interest of Forest School.
8562	To find a couple of hundred that no one has seen before is a bit like finding buried treasure.
8563	To find out more about wildlife-friendly gardening, visit our Wild About Gardens website: a joint initiative with the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), where there's plenty of facts and wildlife gardening tips and advice to get you started.
8564	To forge stronger collaborative links between science staff of secondary school and primary staff.
8565	Together, we hope the use of GPS can help more people to live more independent lives.”
8566	Together we will ensure that food choice does not diminish, that it becomes easier than ever before to go food shopping and that we can eat out with confidence and pleasure.
8567	Together, we will transform the landscape of dementia forever.
8568	To go with its car-like driving position, the Roomster also delivers impressively car-like handling.
8569	To help local children engage with Henry Moore’s piece, Canary Wharf Group will produce educational materials for local school children and a lesson plan for their teachers.
8570	To help you gain a clear overview of ISO/FDIS 45001, SGS, the first certification body to have an ISO/FDIS 45001:2018 CQI/IRCA certified course, has launched two new courses delivered by qualified experts.
8571	To help you pass your theory test, we have put together this little guide with some of the best things to do if you want to get that all-important pass. Take a look and prepare yourself.
8572	To level up, you’ve got to know where to probe.
8573	Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are critical components of the innate immune system that are used for defence against bacteria, viruses and other pathogens.
8574	To maintain inventory health and consistency across sellers, any ASINs that are removed after triggering Llong-term storage fee criteria (6-12 months or 12+ months) should not be re-inbounded for the following 8 weeks.
8575	To make a claim please contact our Customer Services team quoting the Passenger assistance reference number that you were given when you booked.
8576	Tom dreams of being kissed, but he’s not sure whether by a man or by a woman, and he feels he should choose pretty quickly.
8577	To measure, understand or monitor the effectiveness of advertising, promotions, marketing material and content and any joint initiatives with our affiliates, suppliers, partners, subcontractors and other selected third parties.
8578	To my mind, VW was.
8579	Tony Allin, pictured in 1995 while playing for Devon.
8580	Tony, Peter's brother who runs the estate agents John Ripley Property Services next door, would entertain Angela during her visit.
8581	Too busy to call now?
8582	Topical anaesthetic or vasoconstrictor preparations for flexible fibre-optic nasal pharyngoscopy and laryngoscopy.
8583	Topics covered include buffer overflows, cryptographic libraries, sand-boxing, virtualisation, trusted computing, and database security, building towards a toolkit of sound principles for secure systems implementation.
8584	To Plan or Not To Plan?
8585	Top London Sites to Visit For Any History Buff »
8586	Top of the Town website for full details of what's on.
8587	Topological map shows arrays and their connections to switches and host servers.
8588	Top points for a one-of-a-kind experience!
8589	To provide a better understanding of the beta 3-subunit, we investigated its structure using X-ray crystallography.
8590	To provide an opportunity for members of the Panel to submit questions to the Police and Crime Commissioner.
8591	“To provide excellent service and value to customers in the energy assessment market requires scale and focus and we see that in Elmhurst Energy.
8592	Top speed is 136 mph.
8593	To put that in perspective, there are around 63 million people in the UK.
8594	To quote Lord Justice McCombe “not every accident, even if it has serious consequences, has to have been the fault of another”.
8595	To realise this objective, an ‘internal brand’ has been developed that takes the mission of making travel easier in Greater Manchester and shares it in a way that is meaningful for staff.
8596	To receive an SMS with a link to the CrossCountry website text "XC WAP" to 82088.
8597	Torquay’s seafront and marina are bustling whatever the time of year, with tourists and locals enjoying the beaches, bars and restaurants and visiting the nearby Living Coasts aquarium.
8598	Torrential rain and hail can lead to flooding and make driving difficult – with big differences in road conditions from one place to another.
8599	To set their offer and brand apart, the three principals of created a brief that demanded a corporate website design that was very different from those of the established, larger, more general recruitment agencies.
8600	To support Maddy’s fundraising, visit justgiving.
8601	Total Cost is £2m or above (Capital Projects Process).
8602	Total Energy Services based in Dorset, provide homes and businesses across the South with a full range of heating and plumbing.
8603	To the east lies the Sussex Weald.
8604	To the east, there’s Laganas, a boisterous beach with thousands of sunloungers dotted along a huge stretch of fine sand.
8605	To thee I pray; sweet Clifford, pity me!
8606	To the front is a blocked paved driveway with decorative wrought iron railings.
8607	To the north towards the border with Scotland, the landscape changes again.
8608	To the north, Warwick Road climbs from Greyfriars Green in Coventry to the old Stivichall boundary, and, as Kenilworth Road, runs south-west across Stivichall Common before falling to Canley in Stoneleigh parish.
8609	To top it all, both railroads used twisting routes to get even more subsidies from the towns they went through.
8610	Tough and durable design meets trend-led prints across their colour-block styles and signature printed backpacks, which conceal all those handy necessary compartments too.
8611	To understand whether you, in fact, do have a valid claim against the medical professionals, you must understand what should happen as soon as diagnosis has been delivered.
8612	To unrepentant apologists of the war, by contrast, they have the feel of apostasy and betrayal.
8613	Tour the Water Recycling Centre at our Learning Outside the Classroom Quality Badged sites plus lots more fun activities.
8614	To use more data, you can text MORETRAVEL to 21300 to reset your allowance for another £1.99 / 100MB.
8615	To view the animation please visit http://bit.
8616	Towards the base there are calcareous concretions with shelly bands containing occasional ammonites.
8617	Towering clouds build up as unstable air spirals upwards and condenses, giving a good warning to the observant walker.
8618	To whom did this new wealth belong?
8619	Town House, on the left of the picture, following the fire.
8620	To your direction.
8621	Track your workouts and see your improvements in the short and long term.
8622	Trade Waste commercialisation - improving business resilience, increasing operating efficiency and commercialising the service to support future income development.
8623	Traditional agents warrant that fee by providing what online estate agents can’t yet replicate, insider knowledge.
8624	Traditionally presented by the father of the bride, pearls are said to symbolise love, virtue and prosperity.
8625	Traditionally the tweed was made by fishermen's wives to clothe their own families using wool from their own sheep.
8626	Traffic routes should be segregated from pedestrian routes.
8627	Trafford was ranked fifth out of the 10 local authorities, with sickness levels in line with the GM average of 10.5 days per employee per annum.
8628	Trainees will receive on-going support from senior colleagues and receive regular feedback on performance.
8629	Training is an expensive commodity.
8630	Training providers offer numerous specialisations and certifications to help students take new steps in their career and receive greater job satisfaction.
8631	Training was provided to 7,000 medical workers and support was given to 465 health facilities providing antiretroviral therapy.
8632	Trains travelling towards Stone are required to slow down and cross two other railway lines, forcing traffic from London to Liverpool or Glasgow to slow down or stop.
8633	Train travel in the UK is a cheap alternative to flight and more secure than a car when the weather conditions are not good enough.
8634	Transfer the cake batter to the tin.
8635	Transit castors that are attached to the wardrobe during delivery will be removed by the BrightHouse delivery installation team.
8636	Translations cannot be guaranteed as exact and may include incorrect or inappropriate language.
8637	• Transport Layer services: multiplexing/demultiplexing, reliability, flow control, congestion control.
8638	Transport to Healthcare Information Centre (THInC) provide practical transport advice for people who have difficulty getting to and from medical appointments in Grampian.
8639	Travel to Athens (101 miles).
8640	Treasurer’s Report: Mike advises that these have been audited and passed by John Cave.
8641	Treatments available include a post exposure prophylaxis (PEP) consisting of antiretrovirals to prevent full blown infection within 72 hours of exposure.
8642	Treat people as grown-ups, stop telling them how to spend their pocket money.
8643	Treat Yourself or Someone Special to a Lacto-Flora Peel.
8644	Treat yourself to a massage and spa session, then dress for dinner, watch the sun go down with a cocktail, and take in a show before bed.
8645	Tree diseases can live in the mud, leaves and water we find on our boots.
8646	Trees on land owned by Warwick District Council, such as in its parks and open spaces, are the district council’s responsibility.
8647	Trenthams then enjoyed a tidy run of five ends with no reply to move into a solid lead, 8-15.
8648	Triathlon saw keen athletes compete for first place on Saturday evening.
8649	Trinity’s collaboration with Villiers Park is a first for a Cambridge college (and we hope will spark others).
8650	Triodos Bank complies fully with the capital and liquidity requirements, known as Basel III.
8651	Triple glazing available for ultimate thermal performance.
8652	Tropical fish vary in what they'll eat - frozen then fully thawed fish, crumbled boiled-egg yolk and some lettuce leaf depending on the species.
8653	Truckman wins deal to supply 200 hardtops to EnterpriseWhat Van?
8654	True GDPR compliance is not measured in your alignment with the rules on the day it gets implemented, but more so your entire organisation’s alignment thereafter.
8655	Trump administration WILL allow African elephant hunting trophies to be imported - despite president calling practice which his sons love a 'horror show'
8656	Trump calls on Venezuela's Maduro to 'restore democracy'
8657	Trump trade adviser does not see U.S.-China tariff response 'spiral'
8658	Trusts are not required to sponsor any visa applications as this is taken care of by the national scheme sponsor - the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges (AoMRC).
8659	Trying it on confirms my instinct.
8660	Try Morrisons Food to Order, where you can pre-order food and drinks online for collection in store – perfect for when you want to avoid the hassle of dragging the kids down the aisles.
8661	Try to switch it back on.
8662	Tudor Rose Drawer LinerKenilworth Castle stood at the centre of England’s affairs for much of its 900 year history.
8663	TUE King came to town at the usual hour on Wednesday, to bold his Levee.
8664	Turn a few steps right to the lock, then at a gap in the wall a path drops onto an access track.
8665	Turning a garden room into a is ideal for keeping work and living areas separate.
8666	Turn left just beyond them, by a faded waysign – do not head back in the direction of the ferry terminal – and go through the modern housing estate.
8667	Turn left, still following olive/blue wayposts.
8668	Turn right on to Ferry Road and you will see our dealership just before the roundabout.
8669	TW Generators Ltd has a diverse group of customers, based in the United Kingdom and overseas, including councils, poultry farmers, data centres and in all applications where reliable standby electrical power is important.
8670	Twice a week the city has a market, something it has been doing since it was granted a charter to do so in 1227.
8671	Twice a year I hold and open studio event as part of Cambridge Open Studios, and outside of these times visitors are welcome by appointment.
8672	Twisted Wheel will be supported by The Darlies and Ricky Emsley at The Spiders Web.
8673	Two keys in saltire - approved by King Edward VIII in November 1936.
8674	Two more splendid polkas from that magical Sheffield manuscript – thanks again, Malcolm, wherever you are…also thanks to my current band BandAnglo for helping to enhance and fatten out the sound here good job!
8675	Two-piece ejectors are driven by kickers attached to the fore-end iron.
8676	Two uncles of new Home Secretary Sajid Javid have been accused of running a ‘cash for visas’ scam targeting migrants who wanted to get into Britain.
8677	Two were on the north side of the line, where a one-road C & CR shed with a turntable opened on 3 September 1860.
8678	Two women - a female spy recruited to the real-life Alice Network in France during World War I and an unconventional American socialite searching for her cousin in 1947 are brought together in a mesmerizing story of courage and redemption.
8679	Two years earlier Gnaeus Julius Agricola had led his forces to victory at the Battle of Mons Graupius and he inevitably would have expected the Caledonian tribes to resort to guerrilla warfare.
8680	Two years later and Bashley were relegated back to the Southern Division.
8681	TW says that he ought not be held to the bonds aforesaid.
8682	” type in the value to match the specified value for protected earnings as listed on the instruction to make the deduction, if applicable.
8683	Typical examples of Ed’s advice include structuring private equity funds, their management and advisory functions and also fund executive co-investment and carried interest arrangements.
8684	Typically some part of your first lecture on any of your modules will provide information about recommended reading, there is a Waterstone’s Bookshop on campus, and there is no need to have books before your first lectures.
8685	Typical offer 120 UCAS Tariff points, for which no specific subjects are required, plus GCSE Mathematics at Grade C or Grade 4 or above (or equivalent).
8686	Tyres2u (ne) Ltd operate a mobile tyre fitting and repair service to cash and account customers around the areas of Newcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland, Gateshead, Hexham, Durham and most other surrounding areas in the North East of England.
8687	TYSON FURY can comfortably be the best heavyweight boxer in the world again.
8688	Uber Eats accept all major credit and debit card services as well as Paypal.
8689	Uber has confirmed that its services will remain in Welwyn Hatfield and surrounding areas following the news that Transport for London is trying to ban the service in the capital.
8690	UEA Library has reciprocal borrowing schemes with local NHS Trust Libraries and NBI at the Norwich Research Park.
8691	UKFast provided Chuckling Goat with an solution.
8692	UKIP voters, however, are holding out – a bare majority (52%) of them think the BBC has made a mistake in firing the Top Gear host.
8693	Ultimately, choosing a good conveyancer ensures that the transaction process goes ahead as smoothly as possible.
8694	Ultimately these discoveries will lead to individualized breast cancer risk assessment and a reduction in breast cancer incidence.
8695	Under Juan Carlos Osorio, they'll look to play entertaining, attacking football and if their Confederations Cup clash with Germany last summer is anything to go by, they'll have no fear in Russia.
8696	Underneath the question write down the numbers 1 to 20 and start answering your questions.
8697	Under new ownership, the hotel is an ideal place to stay whatever your requirements may be.
8698	Under our new online service, when you sell your vehicle into the motor trade the dealer will, with your consent, be able to tell DVLA that you’ve sold the vehicle to them.
8699	Understanding the extent of the hypotensive properties of CGRP on cardiovascular protection will enable us to develop feasible ways to increase CGRP activity as a potential effective therapy for cardiovascular diseases.
8700	Understanding what questionnaire experts call ‘things’ that make up a questionnaire.
8701	Understanding your story, why you are struggling with these problems and the things that may be preventing you from overcoming them.
8702	Understand, Prevent and Overcome Prostrate Cancer was the best overall book I read.
8703	Under the alternative, when the joint model nests the generating process, an improved outcome results from selection.
8704	Under the event registration, select 'add team'
8705	Under the Flood Re scheme annual premiums will be capped and pay-outs for flood damage will come from a central pool of money.
8706	Under the Public Bodies (Joint Working) (Scotland) Act 2014, some individuals employed by NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde within the HSCP will have limited access to your social work service record.
8707	Under the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009, children under 13 are deemed incapable of consenting to sex.
8708	Under the terms of the Directive, EU employees must not work longer than an average of 48 hours a week.
8709	'Under the Threshold' by Dorothy Lawrenson, published by Perjink Press.
8710	Undoubtedly one of the main features of this collection is the choice of really trendy front finishes such as truffle or magnolia which sparkle behind a glass-fronted door or pull-out drawer.
8711	Unfortunately, as the origins of chancel liability are varied, the answer seems to be that there is no one search that can give a definitive property specific result.
8712	Unfortunately due to the wait on entering this palace we had to move rather quickly, and our guide unfortunately could not allow for shopping time.
8713	Unfortunately, it is difficult to avoid these fees for complex issues.
8714	Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee stain removal without a trace, but we can assure you that you will always have a recommendation available on how to rescue your clothing.
8715	Unity lent £400,000 as part of the RGF programme, supporting businesses and civil society organisations across Yorkshire with loan finance and business mentoring.
8716	Universities need to be places where students from all backgrounds can thrive.
8717	Unless there is evidence that the deceased would have been against cremation we will make arrangements for a cremation.
8718	Unlike other red Burgundy wines, which are typically made from Pinot Noir grapes, Beaujolais is made from the lesser-known Gamay grape.
8719	Unlike other services, which tie you into long contracts, you can decide how little or much care you need, when you need it.
8720	Unlike the four-cylinder, going for an automatic gearbox in this case actually results in a (slightly) more efficient car.
8721	‘Unminable’ coal seams (or coal that is too deep or difficult to mine) can be used to store CO because it is adsorbed in the coal if the coal is permeable enough to allow CO to penetrate.
8722	Unoccupied - the person liable for Council Tax is now living permanently in a residential care home or nursing home.
8723	Unquoted shares (shares of companies which are not quoted, listed or traded on the stock exchange).
8724	U.N. sanctions on the North limit energy trade and ban offshore transfers of goods to North Korean ships as part of international efforts to pressure Pyongyang into giving up its nuclear weapons.
8725	Unsurprisingly, its beach isn’t its only offer of retreat from the hustle and bustle of city life; Brighton is also surrounded by the Sussex Downs, a range of gorgeous chalky white rolling hills that are popular with walkers and cyclists.
8726	Unsurprisingly, she agreed that now is surely the time when all sides put their differences behind them, recognise the democratic result, back our position and push together for the best deal.
8727	Until recently, the focus of the healthcare that was made available for them was on biomedical interventions to address their physical appearance and function – such as surgery and dental braces.
8728	Unveiling the entertainment programme, Coun John Kelly, portfolio holder for public health, wellness and culture, said that the event will be “spectacular”.
8729	Unwind in your modern guest room where sunshine colours combine with modern touches.
8730	Upon completion of this course, learners will be able to understand how to keep clean and hygienic, how to keep their work area clean, how food becomes contaminated and the steps in preventing contamination.
8731	Upon returning to the UK Mr Gardner contacted us for a free no-obligation consultation to see if he could claim compensation from his tour operator, Thomas Cook, and to find out the best course of action to make a complaint.
8732	Upon your journey, look out for the two varieties of butterfly which are unique to the area, the wild Kashmir goats exclusive to the Great Orme and the Orme’s beautiful, rare flowers.
8733	Upper floors of high-rise buildings are the least desirable – and Grenfell shows us why this is.
8734	Upper Norton is part of the Holiday Property Bond portfolio offering exclusive access to over 1,400 properties to its 41,000 investors ("Bondholders").
8735	Upstairs there are 3 DOUBLE Bedrooms with an En suite to the master and a Family Bathroom.
8736	Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms and the family bathroom.
8737	Up stepped McShane who sent Ridgers the wrong way to open the scoring.
8738	Up to 900 Aboriginal people and 200 colonists died in related conflict.
8739	UPVC double glazed opaque window to the rear elevation, heated towel rail and ceramic tiled walls.
8740	Urine samples should be collected in bottles containing a citric acid preservative.
8741	Usdaw has successfully represented many black and asian members to win justice at work.
8742	Use 22 separate criteria to assess insurance providers, including a technical assessment of products and prices, plus customer feedback.
8743	Use Analytics intelligence alerts to monitor spikes and dips in traffic.
8744	Use a price comparison website to find the best energy deal to suit your circumstances.
8745	Used for relating river basin districts and catchments to water bodies.
8746	Used in conjunction with a waste compactor, you can dramatically reduce your waste volume, and thereby, the cost of your waste disposal.
8747	Use help point button to call assistance to unlock the gate onto the platform.
8748	Use high resolution, well-edited photos to attract followers.
8749	Use old sheets pegged onto chairs to make an indoor den, a castle or a pirate ship - think about what your grandchildren are most interested in and tailor it to that.
8750	Use our Holland and Barrett voucher code deals to purchase from a vast range of products.
8751	User access controls in Google Analytics let you choose the right levels of access for different users of your Google Analytics account.
8752	Users are reminded that they run a web server on the departmental network without explicit permission (which will not normally be given).
8753	Use the solid bed fixing method incorporating an appropriate notched trowel and fill any voids in the back of the tile.
8754	Use this form to report a sunken or collapsed grave, memorial or headstone.
8755	Use with your RNIB PenFriend voice labeller (DL110).
8756	Use your financial statements or be prepared to put up a security reserve.
8757	Using a foundation of business and management knowledge, this specialist Master’s course aims to develop a deep understanding of supply chain management (SCM) as it applies to a wide range of industries and sectors, both locally and globally.
8758	Using a thermostat-controlled electric deep fat fryer.
8759	Using BizHouse you can find the Best Local glass work with just one click.
8760	Using cash funds, House Buy Fast have the ability to purchase property extremely quickly.
8761	Using custom map markers, icons and CSS, it’s possible to style a map to take on the appearance of an infographic.
8762	Using electronic components that are already installed in the car there is no extra weight added and therefore no excessive fuel consumption, unlike a traditional 4x4.
8763	Using language such as “nice top and jeans” as a clothing category has gone down really well.
8764	Using the RAF was considered, however they were unable to offer any specialist capability beyond our own.
8765	Using ultrasound waves to put feeling into touchless interfacesA novel technology that uses ultrasound waves to put feeling into touchless interfaces has applications in consumer electronics, household appliances and the car industry.
8766	Using Vine to highlight a product’s features is a great way to create desire while being entertaining at the same time.
8767	Using your data better is good.
8768	US suspends security assistance to Pakistan over Taliban 'failure'
8769	Usually cookies are not used to collect data that itself identifies an individual.
8770	Usually, this takes the form of signs that tell people CCTV is in use, and also who the provider/operator is (if applicable).
8771	Utrecht weather: find free weather forecasts for Utrecht with weather outlooks, temperatures, wind speed and humidity figures.
8772	Uttlesford Active Citizen Scheme is looking for members to volunteer to help the local area.
8773	Valid at over 40 participating venues across the UK and Republic of Ireland, families can enjoy discounts at LEGOLAND® Windsor Resort Alton Towers Resort, The London Eye, UK SEA LIFE centres and The Blackpool Tower, plus many more.
8774	Valid entry 203 'Professional Status by assessment route only' will be removed from the field, as assessment only routes should be returned to the NCTL directly, and not through the HESA ITT Collection.
8775	Valley began to up their tempo after the interval, with Neil Forsyth volleying over from the edge of the box.
8776	Valuation Appeal Committee - Scottish AssessorsSearch the SAA site’s pages.
8777	Variation in health and social care integration: Integration of services varied across areas and services.
8778	Variety Scotland’s commitment to giving all children an equal opportunity to reach their potential, regardless of their circumstances, is why SP Energy Networks funded such a worthy cause.
8779	Various other academic offices are established in certain Faculties and Departments to meet specific academic needs.
8780	Vauxhall care about your privacy.
8781	Veggies will love the innovative, healthy dishes on offer at Manna, one of the oldest vegetarian restaurants in the UK.
8782	Vehicles are checked using a standard viewing angle from 2 meters and at an angle of 90 degrees plus or minus 45 degrees.
8783	Venture into the Wye Valley AONB, excellent for walking, cycling and canoeing.
8784	Venturing outside the cottage guests will find a raised patio area with garden furniture, a wonderful space for a spot of alfresco dining or glass of wine on a warm summers evening.
8785	Very early in our project - at - we went through all the points as a team, and made sure we understood clearly what was required of us.
8786	Very few cars had it and the ones that did were often very high-end.
8787	Very friendly and great atmosphere.
8788	Very good cottage with everything that was needed including a bike shed.
8789	Very interesting and logical.
8790	“Very pleased with all you do, our B never seems to be unhappy which is all one can ask.
8791	“Very pleased with the personal service that I received.
8792	Very spacious, air con, clean and an ideal location.
8793	Very stimulating bump texture, convenience of multiple products, good value pack.
8794	Vettel looked set to finish behind Hamilton to limit the title damage, but Ferrari's gamble to pit him for a second time backfired with Valtteri Bottas following Hamilton home to secure Mercedes' first one-two finish of the season.
8795	Vicky is an amazing person whose care for the sport of cycling goes way beyond that of most people.
8796	Victim Support helps people cope with the effects of crime whether or not it is reported.
8797	Victoria Regan Employment Partner From 25 May 2018, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will be implemented, which aims to harmonise data protection laws across the…
8798	Victory would be highly emotional after the recent death of his owner, Ray Scholey.
8799	Video from the scene of 'stabbing'
8800	Video interview snapshot from double Olympic Taekwondo medallist and ambassador Lutalo Muhammad - https://www.
8801	View all 4560 Mokka X business leases »
8802	Village restaurants, pubs & shops only 2 mins walk away.
8803	Vincent Kuo, a magician from Sydney, Australia, has showed off his interpretation of the trick – and it takes things to a whole new level.
8804	Vintage posters promoting wrestling shows - featuring top names like Big Daddy - have gone on display in Derby’s Eagle Centre Market.
8805	Virtual reality could just be a craze, but there’s billions of pounds worth of investment saying otherwise.
8806	Virusan is this week’s Recorder/Redbridge Rotary Club Young Citizen Award nominee, an award which aims to recognise the achievements of Redbridge’s extraordinary youngsters.
8807	Viruses, cookies and neighbours hijacking your broadband are all reasons for slow or intermittent service.
8808	Vision impairment (VI) creates unique challenges to learning which can only be addressed by specialist knowledge and understanding.
8809	Visit ciww.com for further information.
8810	Visitors to the College frequently comment on its purposeful but friendly and happy atmosphere.
8811	Visit the pretty coastal towns and villages of Lyme Regis, Charmouth, Seaton, Beer, Branscombe, Bridport, West Bay and Abbotsbury with its beautiful tropical gardens.
8812	Visit Trip Advisor for more reviews.
8813	Vivup: Employee Benefits SchemesIt should come naturally to all of us, but many people do not get the right amount or quality of sleep needed to enjoy life to the full.
8814	Vodafone apologised and gave him £50 in compensation, however, this was a small sum compared to losing out on the home of their dreams.
8815	Voluntary work has many benefits.
8816	Volunteering at a Thames21 event enables you to make an immediate, positive impact on your environment.
8817	Volunteers from Leeds Building Society spent a day improving facilities for disabled visitors to Sutton Bank National Park Centre.
8818	Volunteers must currently be volunteering for the organisation they are nominating.
8819	Volunteers perform a vital role in helping to maintain both The Ridgeway and Thames Path National Trails (the two Trails are managed by the same team).
8820	Volunteers will need managing.
8821	Vouchers are available in £10 denominations.
8822	Waits are minimal to go ashore, and the hassles are few.
8823	Wake up ten minutes late, and I’m rushing to lectures still half-asleep.
8824	Wales flanker Jenkins was a second-half substitute, but ended up forced into emergency cover as his team scored four tries including one from the back-rower himself.
8825	Wales Micro-business Loan Fund -- Wales Council for Voluntary Action (WCVA) This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
8826	Wales’s largest teaching union have responded to this year’s annual Estyn report.
8827	Walkers, cyclists, horse riders welcome.
8828	Walk highlights include splendid views of Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
8829	Walking and Wildlife in the Highlands of Scotland with Aigas Field Centre‘Scotland’s Best Nature Based Experience’
8830	Walking around in the tent was like trying to walk on quick sand.
8831	Walking back to our hotels in Liverpool Streetmay feel somewhat dull after appreciating these epic cars, but at least there’s plenty to see in London.
8832	Walk or call in on the day and book our last space, if your lucky enough to grab a space, you get a huge discount for just popping in on the off chance.
8833	Walter has thought of everything you'd need to make the most of your glamping experience.
8834	Wandsworth Hairdresser, Nails, Massage, Day Spa, Hair & Beauty Salons By continuing to use our services you consent to our use of cookies.
8835	Want to holiday all year round?
8836	Want to start a complaint about Sturtons & Tappers?
8837	Want to wake up next to the largest lake in England?
8838	Warranty Direct Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
8839	Warrington and Halton NHS Foundation Trust looks at how staff need to recognise where a diet may result in nutritional depletion and the impact on wound healing.
8840	Warwick Hall will be easily accessible for wheelchair users and all events will include seats at floor level.
8841	Washing Machines, Tumble Dryers and Washer DryersOur site uses cookies so that we can offer you the best experience, both today and in future visits.
8842	Was originally purchased by donor's grandfather when he visited the Cottage in the mid 1930s.
8843	Wasps are probably the most familiar and generally disliked of all British insects.
8844	Wasps do not swarm - only honeybees swarm.
8845	▶ Was the authorisation process more or less complicated than you expected?
8846	Was very pleased to be able to fit the exact style replacement for this Ideal Standard Alto WC Seat and Cover.
8847	Watch his TED Talk, ‘How great leaders inspire action’, at TED.coBe emotionally agile; develop positive behaviours people experience the same stresses and setbacks as anyone else.
8848	Watching Out is an evening of comedy on the theme of being watched.
8849	Watching the two designers at work made me realize how little I think about this part of the process, let alone know.
8850	Watch out for it!
8851	Watch the excitement on their faces as they become a Radio DJ, Dentist, Policeman, Tour Guide and many more.
8852	Watch the preview of the singer-songwriter’s character on The Simpsons.
8853	Watercolour on paper of a Paradisea from an album titled 'Flores a Petro Holsteyn ad vivum depicti' by the artist Pieter Holsteyn.
8854	Watercolour on rice paper of plant identified as Magnolia denudata from one of four bound albums of paintings by anonymous Chinese artists purchased by the Royal Horticultural Society in 1912.
8855	Watercourses have the potential to add to the quality of the urban environment and the Council will welcome proposals that enhance these assets.
8856	Waxing & Electrolysis 2017-04-21T18:47:05+00:00 The Beauty Spot offers face and body waxing treatments at their attractive beauty salon near Basingstoke Town Centre.
8857	Wayne E. Lee is the Dowd Distinguished Professor of History at the University of North Carolina, where he also chairs the Curriculum in Peace, War, and Defense.
8858	Wayne Rooney levelled Man United's scoring record, but who is Sunderland's all-time top scorer?
8859	We accept that this does happen from time to time, but we do expect applicants to show clearly how they will evaluate their work.
8860	We accept there will always be some players who deliberately flout domestic legislation but we expect responsible operators to take reasonable steps to discourage this.
8861	We agree this is essential.
8862	We aim to provide our customers with a friendly, professional service at very competitive prices.
8863	Wealden District Council will offer officer advice on emerging Neighbourhood Plans in its area.
8864	“We all have a way to escape.
8865	We all have legal rights, but it’s not always easy to access them.
8866	We all knew it – we live in a beautiful city!
8867	We all know that life is a pitch and you win some and you lose some in this competitive industry that we all inhabit.
8868	We all know that to get the best prices, you have to shop around - but with thanks to useful time-saving websites like and GameCrawler, you can find great prices on top games from the comfort of your own home.
8869	We all need to see some light at the end of a hectic week and even if that is just an hour catch up with friends or family away from everything else… it helps!
8870	We all remember our first visit to the dentist when we were young.
8871	We all understand and agree that Britain is a nation of animal lovers, and has a proud history on animal welfare.
8872	We all want to have lower utility bills, so investing in an efficient appliance like the WM14N190GB can really help.
8873	“We also agree that the separate sets of rules on redundancy consultations and insolvency are looked at in tandem to remove areas of friction.
8874	We also asked if he was calling from London.
8875	We also believe it is important to explain our budgeting processes in a clear and accessible format.
8876	We also carry out a raffle at each meeting.
8877	We also deliver computer based training lessons.
8878	We also encourage collaboration with other professionals from health, social care and education to deliver an excellent standard of care.
8879	We also estimate a joint dynamic model of the behaviour of older and younger siblings that allows for family specific effects, individual specific heterogeneity, and state dependence.
8880	We also found no evidence - from the information provided to us by the liquidator - that any delays in transferring funds to the supplier in Pakistan had significantly contributed to the company's failure.
8881	We also have a specialist department dealing soley with property service charge audits.
8882	We also have to disclose (share) your information with our software providers and contracted printers.
8883	We also have very competitive pricing on skip hire in Swindon.
8884	We also hire to under 25s and have options such as rental insurance and unlimited mileage available.
8885	We also need local statistics that are meaningful and relevant for our project and our context.
8886	We also now have more space for our own postgraduate art students to present their work, with dedicated galleries for RA Schools exhibitions and displays.
8887	We also offer the most suitable dental braces, wisdom teeth removal and teeth ceramic veneers.
8888	We also offer the Scottish Government Air Discount Scheme (ADS) for eligible residents of the Highlands and Islands as well as hospital visitor fares, compassionate fares and student fares.
8889	We also possess highly talented and experienced accountants in Wrexham so as to ensure the best services to our customers when it comes to accounting and finance sector.
8890	We also service Scottish based Agencies and Clients for National advertising – Press, Magazines, Recruitment, Digital and Inserts.
8891	We also ship worldwide, so contact us for a shipping price if you do not see your country listed.
8892	We also use Bold Apps Product Options to enable user entered text and photo uploads for magazine content.
8893	We always advise that you ask us prior to booking and we will be happy to advise you fully.
8894	We are a Car Sales Business based in Larne, Co Antrim.
8895	We are a council registered locally based outfit who can remove your junk including dregs correctly cleaning up any mess?
8896	We are advised that the tenure of the property is Leasehold.
8897	We are a dynamic and contemporary department with a vision that combines excellence in learning and teaching with an active research and consultancy culture.
8898	We are a leader amongst UK universities in promoting energy activities through our ‘Energy Academy’, a virtual centre which connects all energy related research across the University.
8899	We are also qualified to install Solar PV or ASHP on your existing property or new build.
8900	We are always open to suggestions so if you or your children have a particular favourite you would like us to produce please do get in touch!
8901	We are an affordable and accessible Counselling and Psychotherapy service based in the centre of Derby.
8902	We are an Essex based family run building company offering excellent service in a wide range of home improvement services.
8903	We are a proud sponsor of Shetland Football, Scotland’s most northerly amateur football leagues.
8904	We are a registered charity dedicated to providing care to people throughout North Hampshire who are affected by life-limiting illness.
8905	We are a small and friendly domestic electrical company based in North West London.
8906	We are a unique family run company with over 13 years of experience.
8907	We are aware that sometimes students may feel cut off from family, friends and their own country.
8908	We are a well-established independent company who can carry off your scrap together with litter legally using local landfill sites?
8909	We are certainly very aware of what people are thinking about it.
8910	We are committed to delivering high quality research that underpins our teaching and continues to improve on the thriving research culture of our law staff.
8911	We are currently actively engaged in three large projects supported by separate funding bodies.
8912	We are currently in discussion with the complaints advisory group members to plan the workshop and will provide a further update on progress as soon as possible.
8913	We are currently on an exciting transformative journey, with a strong vision of a brighter future with continued growth.
8914	We are delighted that the whole process went like clockwork and that no processing time was lost.”
8915	We are delighted to announce a number of enhancements to our CT Solution Express & CT Solution Advanced products.
8916	We are delighted to announce that all current members of the First & Third Trinity Boat Club Association can now transfer their subscription to become a donation and, therefore apply Gift Aid.
8917	We are doing this not only by culturing cells as spheroids but by including multiple cell types and the right extracellular matrix.
8918	"We are encouraged by the initial interest from solicitor firms who have already applied to the scheme.
8919	We are equiped with the latest LAUNCH automatic transmission fluid changer.
8920	We are fully insured and we only use the most up to date equipment and Auto Smart cleaning products.
8921	We are getting more people on the housing ladder through schemes like Help to Buy and last year saw the highest number of first-time buyers in the UK since 2006.”
8922	We are good at getting things done smoothly and quickly.
8923	We are holding three cloud accounting seminars in the upcoming weeks.
8924	“We are in a very deprived area of Scotland, on the outskirts of Clydebank.
8925	We are in close contact with our fleet supplier about possible changes to electric or alternatively fuelled vehicles.
8926	We are innovating when we are making something new.
8927	We are more likely to make grants to local organisations who have a Greggs shop in their region.
8928	We are not an outsource provider – we are shared services operating in the public interest.
8929	We are now 6 months into the tenancy and I can honestly say it has been such a pleasant tenancy because of the incredible assistance and help you provided.
8930	We are now entering the amendment stage of the Bill and will work with Government and MSP’s to improve the Bill by way of amendments.
8931	"We are now into our third season and we are getting stronger each year.
8932	We are now operating in a new challenging fiscal environment and we all need to ensure we continue to operate as efficiently as we can at all levels.
8933	We are one of the largest and best equipped dental teaching facilities in the country.
8934	We are open 51 weeks of the year from 7. 30 am to 7. 00pm.
8935	We are pleased to announce new cleaning contract awards from Road Runners Croydon, Premier Supplies Merrow and TSL Lighting.
8936	We are pleased to report that lots of progress is being made on the replacement of the Sports Hall flooring at Ebbw Vale Sports Centre.
8937	We are proud of the work that we do and are always happy to talk about it.
8938	We are proud to be part of the Driving Up Quality alliance, which means we are committed to keep getting better at what we do.
8939	We are proud to offer an exceptionally broad range of manned guarding services, from events security to guard patrols, ensuring a secure environment for a variety of different aspects of your business.
8940	We are recruiting for a Business Intelligence Manager in Bolton!
8941	We are repeat visitors of the Princess Diana Memorial Playground in Kensington Gardens, the main draw – a huge wooden pirate ship.
8942	We are responsible for gritting paths, walkways and bridges on a priority basis during the winter period.
8943	We are searching for an ambitious and dedicated candidate looking to further their career in the private sector.
8944	We are seeking to appoint Research Assistant to assist with the daily operations in the metabolomics facility within the MRC Cancer Unit.
8945	We are soon reminded of the serious side of such events, though, as the cinema's night-watchman, named Gus, was killed by the blast.
8946	We are sorry as we have no record of any emails or chat requests, our sincere apologies on this.
8947	We are still happy for our customers to contact us if they require any personal information or have any questions, but we found that most of our holidaymakers are quite happy to book online and spend more time relaxing at home rather than booking.
8948	‘We are still taking on people, but I’m also hearing of other companies laying off staff,’ he said.
8949	We are sure the new site will help welcome event more financial advisors into the industry to help grant peace of mind and stability to the public.
8950	We are the churches of Lower Shuckburgh, Napton, Priors Hardwick, Priors Marston, Stockton and Wormleighton.
8951	We are ultra marathon runners.
8952	We are unable to provide retrospective medical certification (ie if you were recently unwell but have now recovered).
8953	We are very keen to give you the support you may require to budget for the changes in your benefit payments.
8954	We are very proud to announce that our handsome black and white pied french bulldog Gus is now available for public studding.
8955	We are very sorry to see him go because he has been a very popular member of the team and we shall miss him.
8956	Wear with a smart shirt and heels for a professional office look.
8957	Wear with flared trousers and heeled sandals to finish.
8958	We ask for a minimum of six months commitment.
8959	We at Clyde promise to let your property quickly and help you to understand the letting process.
8960	Weather is atrocious but we set out from The Old Dungeon Ghyll Hotel with a strong step.
8961	Weather permitting, these works will be complete on Sunday October 8th, with road markings and raising of any iron works to follow under localised traffic management.
8962	We automate the process so that it is more streamlined and efficient, removing the need for manual intervention and, more importantly, the risk of human error.
8963	“We began our journey with Quirky Campers around 6 months ago and I have to say it’s been a really great experience.
8964	We believe in the benefits of hands-on study which is why a large proportion of your time will be spent in our state-of-the-art laboratories, developing a wide range of practical skills.
8965	We believe SMEs are integral to building the homes people want in the places where they want to settle in. The HBA brings this message to the very heart of Government and local authorities.
8966	We believe that as a philanthropic community we must send a firm collective message that democracy prevails and can only be realised by securing a strong, independent and enabled civil society.
8967	We believe there are lessons to be learned by both the financial services industry and consumers, and we carry out a range of activities to share our experience and knowledge with the outside world.
8968	Web Hosting UK, Domains, VPS, VDS - HostDaddy.
8969	We blend these at different temperatures using different techniques to create the end product.
8970	We booked Easter Urray as a base for our annual fishing trip to the Beauly.
8971	We bought these boxers for my OH because I love how the wet look feels.
8972	Webservers across multiple platforms.
8973	Website SEO Audit Report for fasthosts.
8974	Website usability experts will tell you about how visuals can affect site performance, whilst a look at old websites on a service such as will remind you just how dated websites built a few years ago now look.
8975	"We came up with a different bridge foundation design which would have enabled us to complete on time and on budget, however the Environment Agency asked us to go back to a version of the original design.
8976	We can advise if you believe that either of these situations applies to you.
8977	We can advise on a diverse range of professional matters from tenancies to planning and development opportunities, as well as carrying out formal valuations.
8978	We can advise on the best time of year to hold your presentation to maximise attendance.
8979	We can also offer both a chamfered and a sculptured door frame, and these are also available in 16 colour combinations.
8980	We can assist you with full technology refreshes or work with you to focus on a particular area of your infrastructure.
8981	We can be there to ''hold your hand'' in your planning journey.
8982	We can give you a report of the water tested in your local area (water supply zone) free on request.
8983	We can help all local residents in Brentford.
8984	"We cannot run away from our house because of a snake, but we should find ways to fight against it and get rid of it", said President Guebuza, shortly before he addressed a rally in Lichinga.
8985	We cannot thank Gisborough Hall enough for the amazing day they created for us, the memories they helped us make, the way they made our guests feel and also their care both before and after the wedding itself.
8986	We can provide access to expertise and contacts to help support your international expansion.
8987	We can provide the best, reliable technology and tailor it to your business immediately, ensuring that your company runs at optimum efficiency.
8988	We can set all local users to Standard and still keep the PC up to date with all patches.
8989	We can support renewable energy or sustainable housing.
8990	We can't see who you are or any of your personal details.
8991	We can use it to become a centre of excellence in a number of specialist areas within the Trust.
8992	We carry an extensive range of Business Software, Mac Games, iPod Gear, iPad and iPhone accessories, Lifestyle Software and more.
8993	We caught up with Steps recently about their comeback, new single and forthcoming album.
8994	We certainly think we found nine species in various shades of yellow, red, green and grey.
8995	We challenge you to find someone who wears it better.
8996	We check our information systems and if the name is satisfactory, then the new address is registered and confirmation sent to the owner accordingly.
8997	“We clap our hands and make funny noises when we first walk out onto a stage, any stage, to check the acoustics.
8998	We closely with elected members and the community to identify relevant themes and topics for the meetings, as well as managing community funding streams.
8999	We completed two experiments in class, one on fluid flow and another on heat transfer.
9000	“We conducted a thorough search, with the help of executive search consultants, to identify the most suitable person to become the next Chair of Coventry Building Society.
9001	We consider every application on its individual merits and may take into consideration your individual educational experience and context.
9002	We consider overseas boys applying for day places at all entry points.
9003	We consulted on initial proposals to modify these arrangements, and have now published our decision to modify NERL's licence.
9004	We contacted Resolver and the matter was sorted within a couple of days.
9005	We control certain industrial, polluting installations by issuing "Pollution Prevention and Control" permits.
9006	We cook our food in front of the customer who can see, smell and ask for a taste if they choose!
9007	We could not ask more of a franchisor or of the team he has put together to provide computer and administrative support at all levels.
9008	We deliver all over the North of England & the Midlands, we can deliver up to 800sq mts per load or you can collect it yourself, and we offer Trade Discounts for large orders.
9009	We deliver training to professionals and young people to raise awareness about their rights and entitlements.
9010	We didn’t care.
9011	We'd love to hear from you!
9012	We do both of these things at the same time when we are writing our planning documents.
9013	We do have content on mental capacity and the law, eg: https://www.
9014	We do not exclude our liability for damages resulting from our fraud or for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
9015	We do not guarantee that access to and use of the website(s) will be uninterrupted or error-free.
9016	We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you give us permission to do so.
9017	We do not study the mathematical details of the underlying cryptography, which is modelled symbolically.
9018	We do not think it possible to read this as owner of a croft or part of a croft, because elsewhere in the Act part of a croft is mentioned in addition to the croft.
9019	We don’t all judge on appearance alone.
9020	“We don’t know whether there will be one, two or even three teams going up this year due to the big changes in the leagues, so we have got to keep our foot on the pedal until the end of the season.”
9021	We don’t want a partner who will just offer a project for the sake of it, or just to recruit people at the end.
9022	We'd suggest either Lichfields Apple Juice or Cawston Press The Original Fruit Cloudy Apple, with Schweppes or R Whites Lemonade.
9023	Weekend, 10 – 11th May ‘08, organised by UK Aware, a social enterprise founded by fire fighter Danny Carnegie, is an initiative dedicated to buying environmentally sustainable products and services.
9024	We encourage each child to find their picture and put it on the train outside the room.
9025	We encourage projects which aim to provide services or space to the local community or raise further income.
9026	“We ended up conceding four goals and it would have been seven or eight had my goalkeeper not been in tremendous form.
9027	We enjoyed a wonderful stay at Villa Ksenia.
9028	We expect it to maintain close sight of the emerging issues regarding vulnerability and gambling being targeted at children.
9029	We expect to regularly bring something new and better to the business.
9030	We feel more like a family after these two weeks.
9031	We felt very well taken care of after what was a stressful time.
9032	We find some evidence in favour of Gibrat's Law holding for immigration stocks, i.e. that the growth in stocks is independent of their initial values and stronger evidence that immigration densities are diverging over time.
9033	We follow a national framework for these applications and our application form and associated guidance can be obtained by clicking the links below.
9034	We found a buyer and all the time that passed between the sale process starting and ultimately their sale falling through, we were impressed with the level of calls keeping us updated on progress.
9035	We found out about being a volunteer boarder on the Guide Dogs’ website and we thought it was a brilliant idea.
9036	“We frequently receive reports of petrol stations within a few miles of each other selling fuel with a 5-10p/litre difference.
9037	We give you more opportunities to expand your skill-set and enhance your knowledge.
9038	We guarantee that the domain name shall be exclusively reserved for your purchase at the price of £5,600 (VAT included) provided transaction is closed within agreed time frame.
9039	We guarantee to provide an absolutely brilliant service at the best possible price.
9040	"We had a lovely time at Rambling Rose.
9041	We had an instant brand.
9042	We had a very successful concert with a capacity audience.
9043	We had our ceremony, wedding breakfast and reception at Rosewood and we had the best day!
9044	We had the most perfect day at Q Vadis to the food, no bar que, great layout, pretty grounds, enough parking, brilliant dj and all guests loved the extras like the photo booth and 'Love' letters.
9045	We had the most wonderful day - so perfect its beyond words!
9046	We have 2263 used MINI cars for sale online, so check out the listings.
9047	We have a 2 floor showroom in Southend-on-Sea with lots of items for you to try.
9048	We have a bus stop 50 meters away, with busses every 3-4 minutes in the rush hour.
9049	We have a dedicated page for advice on how to make a claim on behalf of a child, which we hope will help answer some of your questions.
9050	We have agreed that this is to be an annual event, but extending the opening hours.
9051	We have a large collection of photographs and glass plate negatives.
9052	We have a large portfolio of properties and would definitely use them again.
9053	We have a large team of NICEIC registered electricians in Wolverhampton who we are very proud of, and who gain us many repeat customers due to their levels of service.
9054	We have all heard that vitamin D is good for our bones.
9055	We have all your aftersales needs covered with our extended workshop and extended hours parts desk to ensure your vehicle is kept on the road.
9056	We have already banned harmful microbeads and cut plastic bag use, and now we want to take action on straws, stirrers and cotton buds to help protect our marine life.”
9057	“We have already set the basic rate of council tax which will allow us to invest in the services people have told us are important to them.
9058	We have also prepared a printed version of this text for you to download from the foot of this page.
9059	We have always worked closely with them to build on that and that won’t change over the next couple of years as the merger progresses.
9060	We have an detailed information sheet for all users of the which can be obtained by all parents, guardians or pupils on request.
9061	We have an opportunity to do this right now.
9062	We have a number of optional awards that you can work towards in our Reward & Recognition scheme.
9063	We have a policy to always promote from within and have lots of 'home grown' managers and senior roles within the business.
9064	We have a really cool video coming out later this month with GreatBigStory.
9065	“We have a shortage of teachers with digital skills within schools, colleges and universities, we need to make the education offering more attractive for more people.
9066	We have been campaigning to put a stop to since 2012 so we expect the Government to stay committed to this statement.
9067	"We have been represented in Glasgow since 2015 and due to our expanding customer base we have taken the step to move into new premises in anticipation of further growth in the team here.
9068	We have been very pleased with the work that both Ade and Rachel have done on the Walking Action Plan to date.
9069	“We have been working with the SRA to make sure the matter is properly investigated.
9070	"We have carers come in a few times a week to help with his care but we do most of it.
9071	We have completed the full refurbishment of two mixed-use office and warehouse units for a leading insurance company in Birmingham.
9072	We have developed a Business Range, a Party & Events Range and an Eco Range.
9073	We have devised a 4-part framework for assessing and weighting the complex web of factors that affect rental demand.
9074	We have drawn on the experience and expertise of early years practitioners who are currently actively engaged in researchful practice to explore what works best for boys.
9075	We have evaluated the acceptability and feasibility of the intervention – both in terms of exploring how the health visitors and family support workers found delivering VIG and how the families found receiving it.
9076	We have excellent opportunities for tenacious and driven individuals with a proven track record in sales where the building of effective relationships is key to success.
9077	We have extensive experience of the requirements of dental practices!
9078	We have had so much positive feedback and all due to your thorough attention to all details.
9079	We have had sound advice from the GWCT and we have five- and 10-year plans, and intend to make it an excellent early season shoot.”
9080	We have had virtual assistants in our smartphones for several years now, but the popularity of the Amazon Echo and subsequent similar ‘smartspeakers,’ like Google Home, has taken everyone by surprise.
9081	We have horse stabling at the bottom of our garden and use the fields behind to graze horses.
9082	We have identified two options that could help us bridge the funding gap and we need your views to help shape our decisions going forward.
9083	We have included a useful mat for busy mums on the go for either changing your baby or just protecting valuables.
9084	We have just bought one - with a grant - for our local community garden.
9085	We have launched a ‘Snapp It’ app that you can use to report any faults directly to our Facilities helpdesk.
9086	We have learnt that a habitat is a place where animals live and why they need to live in those places.
9087	We have never and will never operate an age restriction on our Graduate Programme and welcome all applications regardless of age.
9088	We have no doubt they will have an incredible impact on topics of global importance.”
9089	“We have now ordered an immediate inquiry into the situation to find out why nothing was done to investigate the situation before it got to this level.
9090	We have now unpacked everything and all furniture is fine.
9091	We have now witout a doubt stated that this troubles numerous queries and deeds.
9092	We haven’t seen it yet but any Neolithic bead is a lovely find.
9093	“We have other branches in Liverpool and Southport, as well as in West Yorkshire and further south down in Cheshire, North Wales and Staffordshire so with our knowledge of Preston it seemed the logical next step.
9094	We have outlined this proposal also in our cambridge 2016 manifesto.
9095	We have over 12 years experience across a diverse range of applications; from chemical storage tanks, pipe fabrication and reed beds installation to lagoons, landfill capping and golf course linings.
9096	"We have over 30 brands with different customer dynamics within them from our traditional customer base through to younger customers, who are more fashion conscious.
9097	We have over 350 employees in all areas of business.
9098	We have over 4,500 alumni and friends across the UK and around the world.
9099	We have over 7,000 stores nationwide where you can drop off your returns.
9100	We have passed on the results of all the tests conducted to date to G White & Co. and we will also be referring the matter to Trading Standards.
9101	We have published numerous international and UK bestsellers, 28 Nobel Prize winners and seven Pulitzer Prize winners.
9102	We have purchased three new ordinary padlocks and a limited number of keys.
9103	We have received TESSA complaints about twelve banks.
9104	We have recently developed the first GAA-expanded FXN genomic DNA reporter model of FRDA and screened a library of novel small molecules to identify compounds which elevate mutant FRDA expression (Lufino et al, 2013).
9105	We have recently made some exciting changes to our award-winning SME proposition.
9106	We have secure car park, which is accessed through an electrically operated remote controlled security shutter.
9107	We have served Avondale with an enforcement notice which requires the operator to improve how it manages sources of odour.”
9108	We have several prestigious developments in Westminster, offering residents the chance to experience luxury London life to the fullest.
9109	We have some of the best dentists in the world travelling to teach at our practice now.
9110	"We have struck a deal which I believe is fair for all parties and keeps us well within budget as we seek to build a squad capable of challenging at the top next season."
9111	We have the answer to any and every question you may have – and a few more besides!
9112	We have to be focused.”
9113	“We have to keep it in proportion”, he insists.
9114	We have understood that they would respond favourably to this and other amendments on public enquiries; it matters hugely.
9115	We have used Rays Garden Services for over 14 years, on a regular fortnightly basis during the grass cutting months.
9116	We have various launch sites located in Bath, Bristol, Gloucestershire, Usk and Wye Valley, Somerset and Westonbirt Arboretum.
9117	We help people develop social confidence and prepare for work and other positive goals.
9118	We help them to achieve clear and fluent speech and understand spoken language Communication is a complex skill and we use communication aids, signs, symbols and gestures to support children and young people.
9119	We hold free local events to thank our amazing supporters.
9120	We hope our garden inspires you to ‘get growing’.
9121	We hope that it will help you manage your holiday rentals business, communicate with guests effectively and get those all important enquiries and bookings.
9122	We hope that our donors lead long, happy lives before they join us and we are practical about a certain amount of 'wear and tear'.
9123	“We hope that this new Economic Outlook Briefing will give support to finance professionals, CEOs and trustees of charities so that they are able to make sense of all the trends that could impact their charity.”
9124	We hope you enjoyed these healthy food tips to keep up with a healthy lifestyle.
9125	Weightmans agreed to produce the affidavits for free, but its draft version was returned by Oxford Probate Registry with many changes, causing more delay.
9126	We install, new automatic doors and replace existing automatic doors of all types and for all applications.
9127	We just wanted to say how much we appreciated the way you dealt with the sale of our property, your professionalism, the friendly & joyful way you all worked to make sure we were happy & the stress of selling/buying much easier.
9128	We kindly ask you to look out for the Top Car Autoreisen logo and branch at your destination.
9129	We know, for our findings to be trustworthy, we need to be transparent about our own processes.
9130	We know that 35% of the waste that goes into black bins could still be recycled.
9131	We know that that was on the Government’s mind, even after having received assurances that it was not.
9132	Welcome home packs were a really nice idea.
9133	Welcome to all the faces new and old to the challenge.
9134	Welcome to ATS Euromaster’s centre in Immingham where you will find everything you need to keep your car in peak, roadworthy condition.
9135	Welcome to Moss St Albans, here you will find all of your tailoring needs from designer brands such as DKNY and the exclusive products of Ermenegildo Zegna.
9136	Welcome to NHS Grampian's The Matthew Hay Building.
9137	We leave London, stopping in Oxford, before reaching our overnight hotel in Shropshire.
9138	We live in a fluid world and the water industry is changing.
9139	Well, after winning the van in the auction at Carfest North we hot footed it off on holiday.
9140	We'll also offer advice on how to leave the property clean, tidy and in a good condition.
9141	We’ll also tell you about exciting events, news and other opportunities for you to engage with us.
9142	Well appointed with personal touches which make it like a home rather than a holiday rental.
9143	“We’ll be having Christmas Day at our home with my partner and his two children, doing the usual family things like opening presents and playing games, how Christmas should be.”
9144	We’ll be keeping the price of our standard variable tariff unchanged through this winter.
9145	We'll be wearing ours with hair up, a shirt and plenty of attitude.
9146	We'll develop a clear approach to how we support the NHS to identify, report, investigate and learn from patient deaths.
9147	"Well done for the police turning out on such a freezing cold day to take those drugs off the streets.
9148	Well… Due to uncertainty around the Great British weather, the plans for 2018’s unique flower sowing event reached us here in the Communications department just one week before the proposed start date.
9149	Well finished, first floor flat in North Kingston.
9150	We’ll get after every hustle play: loose balls, rebounds and everything that we can control.
9151	We’ll have to see how it all pans out over time and monitor if charities experience an unreasonable additional workload.
9152	Well, he owns (among other things) the skull bones from a dinosaur and a 9-foot-tall pyramid in which he intends to be buried.
9153	Wellington businessman Lloyd Morrison is pushing for a citizens-initiated referendum on the flag.
9154	Well I still can’t quite believe the Gestapo, NKVD, CIA etc were complete duffers, wasting so much time and energy when they could simply have asked politely …
9155	Well, it worked.
9156	“We’ll negotiate a Global Settlement with the Christchurch City Council, settling the long-term ownership, opportunities and funding for the anchor projects – providing the certainty that residents, developers and investors need.
9157	Well, ok, I suppose I do that every week.
9158	Well on paper some might be concerned.
9159	Well-presented first floor McCarthy & Stone flat comprising entrance hall, 'L'-shaped lounge/diner, kitchen, generous double bedroom with fitted wardrobe and shower room. uPVC double-glazing and electric night storage heating.
9160	We’ll send you an email to confirm that we’ve received your order.
9161	Wells skipper Jonathan Gaffney fell cheaply to Richard Brabner, with James departing for 60 as the visitors were eventually dismissed for 199.
9162	Well, that was me.
9163	We lobbied Parliament, briefed MPs and peers, organised opinion polls, ran press conferences publicising their findings, had long discussions at executive committee meetings, supported the MPs and peers and attended debates and committee sessions.
9164	We look at the issues you need to be aware of so you're in the know from the word go.
9165	We look forward to contributing to its successful implementation.
9166	We look forward to entertaining you!
9167	We look forward to growing the business further in the coming years, with the aim of generating more revenue to maintain and enhance overall service provision.”
9168	We look forward to welcoming you to our store in Luton Airport soon.
9169	We loved sharing our jars with the neighbours, friends and family, but with so much extra stock, we decided to pitch up at a local farmers market in the North East.
9170	We love supporting our local community!
9171	Welplan can help you get back on track with our.
9172	We make booking your rental vehicle straightforward and cancellations are often free of charge should your plans change.
9173	We make hiring Vintage band in Essex easy and affordable.
9174	We make this possible with the patented Glass Fibre Linktrusion technology, coupled with high security locking mechanisms to ensure outstanding protection.
9175	We make this statement because we have developed the website directly and know how to push the latest technologies to make it provide a more professional and enjoyable experience for our customers who browse and shop on our website.
9176	We may also disclose your information to successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law.
9177	We may look at instances of potential non-compliance as part of our monitoring role, and as with all of our regulatory work we may, where appropriate, liaise with the police and CPS.
9178	We may need to authenticate your identity to provide you with access to subscriber-only services.
9179	We may send out a different Father's Day Balloon to the pictures shown depending on availability.
9180	We may use cookies to assemble your order, but they contain no personal information.
9181	“We might think people want collaboration and social interaction but there are some who don’t want that,” said Morris, citing the example of employees on the autistic spectrum.
9182	We need a development plan which will protect and enhance the unique characteristics of our Harborough which are low unemployment, highly skilled individuals, very high levels of home-working and high-value housing.
9183	We needed to discuss these questions, and work them through'.
9184	We need time to develop the administrative capacity to enable the direct re-imbursement of expenses and payment of income.
9185	“We need to speak to anyone who has CCTV which overlooks the park or covers the route Mr Eldeniz is most likely to have taken.
9186	We need to talk about Endometriosis and the consequences it has for women.
9187	We noted that Mr A quickly developed a further infection but we did not consider that this was identifiable, or could reasonably have been predicted, at the time of discharge.
9188	We noticed that when we were exercising our hearts were beating very fast to pump the blood around our bodies to all of our muscles, and when we stopped it started to slow down.
9189	We now can return to the shell models discussed in the first six chapters, and reinterpret them in terms of quantum levels of the atom.
9190	We now come to the debate on clause 28 stand part.
9191	We now just take for granted that the members of the English Chamber Orchestra will match the sensibility of the soloist.
9192	We now offer our as a way of celebrating our members’ stories and successes.
9193	We now operate on a scale that would have been unimaginable back then.
9194	We objected to the revised application December 2010 due to impacts on the hen harrier SPA.
9195	We offer a free consultation visit where we will visit you at your home and within 7 days you will receive a full build specification and fixed price quotation.
9196	We offer a Free, No Obligation Valuation, book your Valuation with Philip Ryan today.
9197	We offer a range of scholarships and bursaries that can help with the cost of university study.
9198	We offer easy, rapid phone system installations with minimal disruption to your working day and at very competitive rates!
9199	We offer full support via our website, should you need to download user manuals, instructions or helpful hints and tips for getting the best out of your appliance.
9200	We offer innovative and sustainable gas and liquid control solutions.
9201	We offer many services including custom remaps, bespoke tuning, DPF removal, Speed limiter removal and much more.
9202	We offer more than just timber components - we are continually striving to improve our processes and products, to give you the best, in the safest and most sustainable way.
9203	We operate on both a consulting and contractual basis for the design and construction of complex foundation systems.
9204	We organise trips in response to the resident’s requests which have included a steam train ride around the Cotswolds, a trip to the theatre to watch the ballet, cinema, rambling groups, afternoon tea dances and trips to the blue bells forest.
9205	We ourselves do not currently transfer the personal information we collect about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected.
9206	We pride ourselves in offering a friendly, reliable, professional and affordable service together with a variety of service options, all available on short notice.
9207	We pride ourselves in the professional personal service we offer.
9208	We pride ourselves on putting our customers first and have the best team to achieve this.
9209	We proactively publish all expenses claimed by Chief Officers, including London's Transport Commissioner and expenditure on their use of mobile phones.
9210	We proudly support a range of good causes, charities and more.
9211	We provide daily treatment sessions – delivered over the telephone – usually for thirty minutes duration.
9212	We provide discount codes and voucher codes from Nike.com online store and support both Nike US and EU/UK websites.
9213	We provide one to one interview coaching and Interview Technique courses to help you gain the confidence and skills you need to succeed.
9214	We provide reliable, experienced and highly skilled plumbers from Withywood and the Southwest.
9215	We provide support to stimulate the return of high-value electronics and machinery back into remanufacturing whilst also working with industry to develop innovative models of collecting these priority products and materials.
9216	We provide you with clearly worded documentation so you know exactly what you can expect from us – there’s no ambiguity and no hidden extras.
9217	We put fun and enjoyment at the heart of everything we do as we strongly believe happiness We are looking for an experienced WSET qualified Assistant Head Sommelier for the busy fine dining Restaurant.
9218	We’re a junction, a connecting point between design, culture, commerce and creativity.
9219	We really hope that our opening season sets the standard for what is to come.”
9220	We really seem to have found its sweet spot now and that is all credit to this team and our awesome partners.
9221	We’re almost part of these companies at that point.”
9222	We reassess the value of your pension benefits at the This is either 28 days from the date of the pension sharing order or the date of your decree absolute.
9223	We received a lovely warm welcome …
9224	We recently held a focus group on our gas pipe upgrade programme.
9225	We recognise how important it is that our force represents the communities we serve and are determined to increase the number of people from underrepresented groups working for us.
9226	We recognise that these aren’t large developments, but sometimes the smallest changes have the biggest impact.
9227	We recommended a shortlist of properties, opened negotiations and sought financial and lease terms for the preferred options.
9228	We recommend inspection and maintenance as necessary following deep water wading.
9229	We're currently in the process of forming the new RSPCA Standards Technical Advisory Groups (STAGs) for all the species specific standards, this is following a consultation on the RSPCA welfare standards for farm animals development process.
9230	"We’re delighted to be able to offer this to readers of Cleaning Matters," Jonathan Bradford, MD of Grange Europe, said.
9231	We’re happy to say that all 9 now have permanent positions within the business and we look forward to guiding and developing them through their new career at Graham.”
9232	We’re here to help tackle the issues that are important to you.
9233	We're hoping to put on spectacular sessions on Saturday and Sunday.”
9234	We’re in the running for ‘Outstanding Approach to Communication’ and ‘Outstanding Approach to Meeting Specialist Housing Needs’ in the annual awards which recognise excellence in the UK housing sector.
9235	We’re investing £425,000 to upgrade our network in the Brownside Road area of Cambuslang.
9236	We’re not like most other education providers; as a charity, we deliver friendly and enjoyable education for all adults whatever their story.
9237	We're now at a late stage and I properly appreciate the video for the first time.
9238	We’re now at the point where we have done all of the preparation, we have done our pit-stop training, so all we can do now is focus on the race itself.”
9239	We’re now working at Phoenix School in Keighley for the summer term 2016.
9240	We’re proud of our in-house services and Craig’s appointment means we can continue making important contributions to the lives of Stevenage people.
9241	We reserve the right to amend these rules at any time.
9242	We reserve the right to extinguish any BBQs.
9243	We’re trying to push that product out to the market as soon as we can.
9244	We revealed yesterday how a notice had been put up outside saying the company had 'ceased trading' and is taking legal advice from a licensed insolvency firm.
9245	We see that as waste.
9246	We see the aims of the HaFSA as complementary to our members’ own efforts and aims to reduce food and packaging waste under our control.
9247	We see the partnership as a great opportunity to work with Meet the Manufacturer, to take the event to the next level, but also to work with manufacturers to achieve their business objectives.
9248	We shoot locally at Carmel School on Friday evenings, 7pm - 9pm.
9249	We should expose injustices in a criminal justice system and not allow sentencing to be undermined with the severe penalties we have seen, e.g. a six-month prison term given to someone for stealing a bottle of water.
9250	We source locally and always use the best, fresh ingredients to construct show-stopping dishes for our customers.
9251	We specialise in providing the best trusted cleaners to homes in Wigan and nearby areas.
9252	We specialize in outsourcing almost any job type to the Indian sub-continent for employers looking to spend less for full-time, degree-level educated employees.
9253	We started with less ideas, and built more patiently.
9254	We start the year in different places, some of us may have abstained from gambling for a matter of minutes, others may have gone much much longer!
9255	We stayed at The Coppice Woodland for the weekend following our wedding day - we wanted to relax and get away from everyone after the mad and busy week prior!
9256	West Mercia Police - Update on Youth Services for LudlowLogin to "My Account"
9257	Westminster is due to put forward the scheme, which will see property dwellers given the potential to transfer the upfront costs of implementing green energy techniques to fuel suppliers, by the end of 2010, suggests the Guardian.
9258	Westminster Tower is situated at the junction of Albert Embankment and Lambeth Bridge.
9259	West Wales is home to some of the most glorious beaches in the UK.
9260	West Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), Mark Burns-Williamson had a busy afternoon in Brighouse last week (27/02).
9261	We support businesses of all shapes and sizes, whether it’s to develop your team or work on products and processes.
9262	We support parents to give their children the best possible chances in life, with improved health and a stable home environment.
9263	We take a neutral, balanced view on the issue of ball games and expect residents to take responsibility within their own neighbourhood and work together to reach a compromise.
9264	We take your privacy seriously and we never share your personal data with any third parties, nor will we ever call you using any phone number data you may supply.
9265	We talk to Miles Morgan, Managing Director of Miles Morgan Travel, as he celebrates 10 years of success.
9266	"We thank the Lord fer what we've getten.
9267	We then embarked on building the app so that it works synchronously with the new website to share even more content, meaning users can receive all of the latest news stories, video content and team updates straight from their pocket.
9268	We therefore do not allow market research/questionnaires in the malls or on the car parks.
9269	We the undersigned petition Surrey County Council to introduce the proposed no waiting area in Basingfield Road Monday to Friday between 10 and 11am.
9270	We think ahead and have already tested and rated these products, only offering them for sale when we’re absolutely sure they’re the best we can get.
9271	We think that is the right thing to do, to get the balance of the cost of those things spread between the schools and the taxpayer and to help to deal with the deficit.
9272	We think these kind of activities get everyone thinking creatively and the juices following.”
9273	We thus define TCTEX1D2 as an integral component of the evolutionarily conserved retrograde IFT machinery.
9274	We took a step back five or six years ago.
9275	We train our sales and delivery team in-house and at the Miele UK headquarters so we can provide expert advice and support to help you get the most out of your Miele appliance.
9276	We travelled around most of Albania learning its history and seeing its wonderful scenery, eating.
9277	We tried all the restaurants except the Asian.
9278	We understand that starting a new business can seem like a minefield.
9279	We urge local people to take these actions themselves, and then to pass the information on to anyone they know who might benefit from it.
9280	We use contractors and consultants for a wide range of work.
9281	We use cookies to remember your preferences and to reference information about the time and extent of your use of the Website.
9282	We use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the data on the App is accurate.
9283	We use tested secure packaging that provides protection to our products.
9284	We use the latest enterprise grade equipment located in one of our geographically diverse and secure UK data centres.
9285	We use your information to keep in touch about suitable offers, news and important information about our products and services.
9286	We usually have one or two apprentices at a time employed with us.
9287	We value and respect individuality and encourage a culture within our family business where people can be themselves and be valued for their strengths and experiences.
9288	We value our partnership with Optibus and look forward to expanding it by using their newest OnTime solution to have a positive impact on our service."
9289	We value your feedback and use the information from complaints to help us improve our services.
9290	We vary the order each week and there is a break between the second and third class for a snack.
9291	We've all pulled something incredible out of the bag when up against a seemingly impossible deadline!
9292	We've also made theatre which also involved film work and a book publication.
9293	We’ve always been the world’s leading source of media research—from our earliest printed media catalogs to Cision’s current online database, listing more than 1.6 million contacts, outlets and pitchable opportunities.
9294	“We’ve been doing our preparation and we’ve got our game plan and, like I said earlier, I fancy our chances on a big pitch like Elland.
9295	We’ve called 101 many times to get proper logging.
9296	We’ve come up with some ideas that will help you choose your wedding ceremony songs, no matter what style of celebration you’re having.
9297	We’ve finally given up on listing all the electric bikes on a single page, so we now only publish this ‘Over £1,300’ table.
9298	We've found that many of our customers are able to eliminate their existing productivity suites and rely exclusively on G Suite to create different kinds of files, including text documents, spreadsheets and presentations.
9299	We’ve found that working together to ‘pair write’ is a good way to do this.
9300	We’ve got years of industry experience and will provide you with an effective service for many vehicle key programming issues.
9301	We’ve increased the starting wage as much as we possibly can so we’re getting slightly older staff now.
9302	We've put together a quick guide for choosing Turkey travel insurance, detailing the potential issues you could face and some great value cover options.
9303	“We very much hope early commitment will inspire kids and families to enjoy being active and healthy together with a fun goal to aim to in July.”
9304	We’ve signed the MoD’s Corporate Covenant, a promise to do all we can to give Army, Navy and RAF leavers new career opportunities.
9305	“We’ve taken all these steps backwards, and yet so many of us are stepping forward and want equality for women and gender and sexual orientation and race.
9306	We’ve talked through just about every aspect of this and our main focus will be to look after each other.
9307	"We wanted to avoid being on a featureless business park and instead want to offer a service where are doors are always open for anyone to drop in and see us.
9308	We wanted to encourage people to forge their personal creative links with the wonders, wildlife and environment of London’s favourite park.
9309	We wanted to learn from their expertise; they're the ones at the sharp end who know the pressures and the risks.
9310	We want to provide local residents with moments which – stimulate, teach, excite and inspire – the moments you never forget – 'Moments of Magic'.
9311	We want to see changes that will directly benefit the environment and society.
9312	We want to thank you for all the wonderful service that we have received from you – definitely the best estate agents.
9313	We want to use our website to capture the ways that Dementia Friends are helping to make life better for people living with dementia in their communities.
9314	We want you to join us.
9315	We welcome and value your comments, both positive and negative, and suggestions on the service you have received, as this will help us plan for the future and improve care for other patients and their families.
9316	We welcome offers for the invitation to get the lease on this unique opportunity and for all viewings simply call Lovetts of Ramsgate on 01843 570305 or www.lovett.co.uk for more properties like this one.
9317	We welcome the Bill’s aims and believe that clear, accurate and comparable information about quality of service expectations, pricing and customer service standards should be readily available to consumers.
9318	“We welcome the FCA’s considered proposals and support their view that the overall package is robust, and that the combined effect will address the concerns it has found.
9319	“We welcome them to Glasshouse Studios where the new phase three development of timber-and-glass is close to calling full house on sales and lettings even before construction ends.
9320	"We were all devastated when the other two were damaged.
9321	We were also surprised to find that the app even comes with a small game that can increase the speed of the vibrations depending on how you tilt the mobile device.
9322	We were intrigued to find that almost a quarter (24%) of students send their dirty laundry home for Mum and Dad to wash, with one in six (17%) also sending them their dry cleaning.
9323	We were overwhelmed by the success of the first two events and we’re already seeing regulars to the market, and producers and retailers are linking up.’
9324	We were pretending it was a dungeon.
9325	“We were up with the rate when myself and Rob were in, but we lost our wickets and it just left the lower order with a little too much to do.”
9326	We were very pleased to find this gem of an apartment as it was within walking di…
9327	"We were warmly greeted by Judy and Peter and shared an aperitif with them in the afternoon sun.
9328	We will also consider students for direct entry into Level 5 (Year 2) and Level 6 (Year 3) providing they meet our criteria for APL.
9329	“We will consider carefully the proposals that require farmers to invest in any system or new infrastructure and equipment that helps deliver sustained improvements.
9330	We will consider some of the key methodological and theoretical approaches to history of the past 100 years, including the Annales School, Marxist historiography and postmodernism.
9331	We will consult with you prior to entering the property, unless an emergency arises and we need to gain access immediately.
9332	We will create a stunning reproduction of set images or your own pictures.
9333	We will deal with flooding if it cannot be contained and there is a chance that it will damage the building or electricity, or leak to a lower floor.
9334	We will develop a module using sensor technology to undertake visual and non-visual inspection in a live gas main, in order to detect corrosion, stress cracking and wall thickness.
9335	We will get back to you with a response within 2 weeks.
9336	We will get to know you personally, help you fulfil your potential, and provide excellent pastoral support.
9337	We will give you a personal adviser who will stay in touch with you after you’ve left care.
9338	We will need some extra funding and/or donations to make this happen!
9339	We will never advise you to spend more than is absolutely necessary to arrive at the best solution for you.
9340	We will never share the data you submit here with a third party.
9341	We will not be beaten on price, so we offer a Price Match service.
9342	We will not only be expected to continue footing the bill for existing pensioners but also to pay for ourselves, while today's teenagers gradually move to the new pre-funded system.
9343	We will offer you the most suitable cleaning process for your carprts and upholstery.
9344	We will then test drugs that affect two brain chemicals to see whether they can improve components of short-term memory and motivation.
9345	We will try to make sure you are seen as close to the time on your appointment letter as possible.
9346	We will use the information that you provide us to send through the product that you have requested.
9347	We will work with GP practices in Warwickshire to offer dementia awareness training for their reception staff.
9348	We will work with you to agree a marketing plan to suit the needs of your property, designed to achieve the best possible price for your home.
9349	We worked so hard to get this Scholarship so let us make the most of it."
9350	We work for a range of clients, from developers to consumers, and investors to landowners, helping them to take advantage of opportunities in creative, efficient and cost-effective ways.
9351	We work with 4 Alfa Romeo dealers in Warrington.
9352	We work with children who hurt themselves to find safer ways to manage their feelings.
9353	We work with lots of groups and people in our Community.
9354	We work with the Police, Grampian Fire and Rescue Service, Community Mediation and other statutory and voluntary agencies to tackle antisocial behaviour and harassment.
9355	We would be delighted to discuss these issues with you and demonstrate what the impact on your business would be.
9356	“We would like to thank the public, volunteers and partners once again for all of their assistance, co-operation and hard work over the past few days.”
9357	“We would never have got the likes of Mark Cavendish here with just one sprint.
9358	We would not have been successful without you.
9359	We would recommend Paramount to anyone looking to let, our experience was wholly positive.
9360	What about concentration issues?
9361	What activities would you like to see included in a future Space?
9362	What a perfect spot with the most wonderful views and not a midge in sight!
9363	What are rich cards?
9364	What Are The 4Cs of Engagement Rings?
9365	What are the benefits of surgery?
9366	What can a Postem contain?
9367	What can applicants, responsible authorities and persons who have made representations do if they are unhappy with the decision of the Panel?
9368	What can we expect from the show at the Union Chapel?
9369	What can you tell people that is unique to you?
9370	Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?
9371	What counts as inappropriate content?
9372	What does each reservation status mean?
9373	What does the perfect tradesman look like?
9374	What does the qualification actually mean?
9375	What does this TEF rating actually mean?
9376	What do I do with the application?
9377	What do we think the work of art ought to be nowadays?
9378	What do you think it means to be an influencer?
9379	What else might be on there?
9380	Whatever facts and achievements you want the world to know about will have more chance of staying in your visitor’s minds if they’re wrapped up in a story.
9381	Whatever the best compliance route to take for individual suppliers, it is important for them to get on with ensuring that they are ready for when Part Q takes effect on 1 October 2015.
9382	Whatever the challenges of Brexit, the BMF is committed to building a business that will continue to be relevant to members and in great shape to serve and support our industry.
9383	Whatever the reason, the drinking society doesn’t want you.
9384	What ever your reason for a quick sale are.
9385	Whatever your relationship to the child, this can be a very distressing time.
9386	Whate we or any other Christians can binge unto him he dothe thinke that we dow it in dutie or in feare of him, or in hoppo of som greats favoure we expeckte at his handes.
9387	What happened next is still lost in time.
9388	What happens if I have a positive disclosure?
9389	What happens in atrial fibrillation?
9390	What happens when VimpelCom, the world’s sixth-largest telecommunications company, collides with the daughter of the Uzbekistan president and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ)?
9391	What has been holding you back from going paperless?
9392	What I can't understand is that fees + VAT means that VAT enters the national coffers.
9393	What if this could be something the entire class can do together, guided by a tutor?
9394	What if you make podcasts for a living?
9395	What is a Roller Latch and how do you adjust it for your Rockdoors?
9396	What is it that brought you here to be part of this organisation?
9397	What is meant by “allocating” a site for development?
9398	What is people’s attitude towards the local Tory council?
9399	What is progressive about making the UK smaller and more insular?
9400	What is the best way to clean your tongue?
9401	What is the criteria for a clinical placement?
9402	What is the Local Development Scheme (LDS)?
9403	What is the material of the basin?
9404	What is the process once the Certificate of Title has been submitted?
9405	What is your role at GiGL?
9406	What kind of food does your cat need now?
9407	What made you choose London Met?
9408	What made you choose Swiss Spirit to cover Clouds Rest?
9409	What may be boring to you may be fascinating to your child.
9410	What price modern technology!
9411	What’s big, grey and sucks the value out of pension investments?
9412	What's especially good is that butchers, gamekeepers and other suppliers are local, and lots of the veg and salad is grown on the owner's own allotment up the road.
9413	What sets you apart from the other apprentices?
9414	What’s it like living in Scotland?
9415	What's it like to come home after working overseas?
9416	What's more, the UK has already set out its own data protection overhauls that essentially mirror those to be applied in the EU.
9417	What’s orange and not the same as it was?
9418	What sort of recognition do you want?
9419	What's so funny?
9420	What’s the biggest disaster you’ve had on stage, have you had to come out of character and what happened?
9421	What's the Difference Between Factoring and Invoice Discounting?
9422	What’s up with skin when the seasons change?
9423	What’s worked well for Wait But Why when it comes to getting the content in front of people?
9424	What's wrong with your nails?
9425	What these women don’t know about success, simply isn’t worth knowing.
9426	What totally resonates with what I’ve done before in retail is that if the stuff is great, then it will work.
9427	What we mean by "Vulnerable Victim"
9428	What will I be able to do after registering?
9429	What will it take to change the habits of today’s workers, and return the strike weapon to the hands of shop stewards?
9430	What will the Government do to address that decline in supported services?
9431	What will the new legislation do?
9432	What will you choose after your A-levels?
9433	What will you get out of a personal review?
9434	What with their ‘infamy’ and ‘ties in with pharma’.
9435	What won’t change is the fact we still have a capacity gap.
9436	What won’t Meatloaf do for love?
9437	What works for me may well not work for your own situation and how much risk you’re comfortable taking.
9438	What would be the additional customs administration costs?
9439	What would make it possible for the world?
9440	What you can do to prevent sewage flooding.
9441	Wheel tethers were later introduced to increase safety.
9442	When a concern is raised, we will make enquiries, usually starting by visiting the child and the family.
9443	When a girl called Ali pockets a silver orb that falls from the sky, little does she realize it's her ticket to seeing the universe!
9444	When a multi-block appointment is booked online, all blocks will now be displayed correctly.
9445	When and how should they be used and can they go wrong?
9446	When a property has been occupied by one person, who either owned or rented the property and that person dies, the property is exempt from Council Tax for as long as it remains unoccupied, and until probate is granted.
9447	When a queen ages, the colony gets too crowded, or when there is not enough food, the workers nurse selected larva on a diet of royal jelly to produce new queens.
9448	When booking the transport option tickets, please only book for a day where transport is available for that particular resort.
9449	When booking your holiday, you should always consider the health care available in your chosen destination.
9450	When buying a new door, security is front of mind which is why we’ve put together all of the frequently asked questions about the security of our doors, including GRP fire doors.
9451	When calculating whether or not the five year limit applies to you, all time spent studying in the UK at degree level or above, whilst on a Tier 4 visa or pre-Tier 4 visa (student visa issued prior to 31March 2009) will be taken into account.
9452	When charging at high speeds the support directly under the foot feels unburstable.
9453	“When choosing the flowers for our spring wedding, we knew we wanted a mix of colourful spring wildflowers in jam jars for the table decorations, which were in keeping with our theme.
9454	When comparing the most popular start-up sectors as a whole, food ranked highest with almost one-in-five (18 per cent) of respondents stating their desire to run their own food store, café or restaurant; closely followed by retail (16 per cent).
9455	When deciding what to do with such material officers or public authorities handling your case will be able to advise.
9456	When folded the bollard requires 102mm ground clearance.
9457	When folk need money but don’t have it, they’ll suffer one way or another.
9458	When I announced my plans to stand for Council people approached me offering good luck wishes, but also offering advice and information on what they want to see in their Councillor.
9459	When I decided to lose weight, I started having three healthy, balanced meals a day.
9460	When I did begin to run again I was amazed at how much fitness I had lost and that my long run could not go beyond 13 miles (I had to walk!) I was due to run the Hadrian Wall Ultra, around 70 miles in two days.
9461	When illegal immigrants come here, many of them take on cash-in-hand work which robs the Treasury of tax income but these immigrants also frequently become involved in organised crime.
9462	When I met the R&D team, they were hard at work trying to assemble “Tom” and “Jerry,” two Cobots who were headed to China for an early-May 2016 debut.
9463	When indexing websites, Google prefers clearly structured content that makes use of taxonomy features like categories and tags.
9464	When I played JC2 last, one player stole someone else's jet, put it in a cave and then blocked the entrance with a tank.
9465	When I sat him down & said I'm thinking of maybe selling the house & moving nearer, he told me to do what I needed to, not to worry about him.
9466	When it comes to feeling comfortable and confident in swimwear, it's women aged between 24 and 34 who feel most uneasy, according to a recent survey by fashion retailer M&Co.
9467	When it comes to negotiating rent reviews and lease renewals, we know how to obtain the best possible terms.
9468	When it comes to resolution quality, remember that the photo will also be displayed on the web.
9469	When it next rains the soil will wash into the hole and cover the rice.
9470	When I took over the service in 2012, development of IT skills wasn’t an objective.
9471	When I was close enough, she slowly unzipped me and held my stiff cock in her hands.
9472	“When I was first diagnosed, my bestie’s partner, Paul said: “I suppose that means we’ll have to do the Moonwalk now.
9473	When I worked in teaching, a wise old head teacher said to me, “People say that the first thing you have to do in a school is ensure that the children are happy; but no—the first thing you should do is ensure the staff are happy.
9474	When, on the eve of the election, the FBI announced that it was not pursuing criminal charges over Clinton’s emails, the main stock index soared.
9475	When out-of-country buyers place orders, Amazon picks, packs and ships the product from your inventory.
9476	When Peter learns the orb is an ancient artefact with the power to destroy the universe, he must put selfish desires to one side to repel Ronan and his underlings including fearsome intergalactic hunter Korath (Djimon Hounsou).
9477	When rolled in the hand to make a sausage shape, it crumbles and falls apart and won't hold its shape.
9478	When she come home i ask her "how did your day go?" it is all really weird.
9479	When someone is looking after a child who is not the parent or close relative, this is called private fostering.
9480	WHEN textile weaving moved from the handloom cottages into the mills, power came from the huge steam engines, which drove many tonne flywheels.
9481	When that day comes, here at Raynesway Tile Warehouse we are happy to be of assistance.
9482	When the allegations surfaced, Weinstein issued an extraordinary statement which laid bare his devastating arrogance and refusal to accept blame.
9483	When the appearance of your property is as large a concern as its protection, grilles are often the answer.
9484	When the exchange does happen, the property is legally the buyer's and a moving date should be arranged with the current owners.
9485	When the exit poll was announced back at the 2015 general election, I couldn’t have felt more deflated.
9486	When the Prussians invaded, Engels joined in the ensuing war, fighting in the army as assistant to the 'True Socialist' Willich, and was the veteran of four battles before he once again retreated to Switzerland.
9487	“When the restaurant thinks you’re just a fad dieter… I hate that.”
9488	When the Scottish people observe that contradictory position, what do they think?
9489	“When the whistle went my instinct was to run over to celebrate with the 10,000 travelling Teesside faithful.
9490	When this event occurred, a change management alert is triggered in the NCM module exactly at the same time.
9491	When this isn't possible, a Children's Hearing may have to impose a Compulsory Supervision Order.
9492	When thronged with the warlike followers of the Nayakar, the king enthroned on the splendid granite slab now occupied by the statue of one of the greatest of the Mahratta kings, the scene must have been sufficiently striking.’
9493	When undeclared/linked addresses are found up to four addresses are automatically included in the check for free.
9494	When used in conjunction with marketing activity, your brand message comes across twice as strongly.
9495	When using this equipment be sensible, safe and follow instructions given by Lifeguards.
9496	When wearing black, try a suitably coloured scarf or a brighter warmer lip colour to help lift things.
9497	When we arrived, we had no car and no way to get to a restaurant or the grocery store.
9498	When we collect your name, postal and email address, we will ask you for your permission to make use of those details for the purposes of staying in touch.
9499	When we got into the town, the beautiful town, the main street was called Huguenot Street, and all the hotels and all the restaurants had French names.
9500	“When we opened our venues in the Wharf we recognised that this unique business quarter needs a training and event partner that understands it’s particular needs – and that’s where the ‘Plus’ brand came in.”
9501	When we performed a survey of the technologies that were available in 2010, it became clear that none was wholly suited for use at scale at the OFFICIAL tier.
9502	When we tested the CX-3 against the more powerful Audi Q2 at the track, it recorded a quicker 0-60mph time and proved faster during our in-gear tests.
9503	When will I receive my Business Account card(s)?
9504	When work is being carried out on your property, sometimes it may be necessary to have scaffolding erected so workmen can safely work at height.
9505	When you are finished, click to update your payment method.
9506	When you are making a presentation – whether it’s a pitch to a potential new client or updating your colleagues on the latest …
9507	When you are within the combine, and paraphrase personally gets to be your a major will need, SpeedyPaper is happy to aid.
9508	When you boil it down, the better relationships you build with your vendors the more likely they are going to think of you first when they need to refer someone to a dealer.
9509	When you buy a PlayStation 4, the first thing you will have to do after setting it up is download a fairly large system update.
9510	"When you consider how simple buying online is, it’s no surprise that over one third of all vehicles sold are now bought this way," says Dave Parry, Manheim's Online Director.
9511	When you give us personal data, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely.
9512	When you go back to court I am wondering whether you can share what the definition of is and how your ex fulfills the Mental and Emotional category?
9513	When you join the Hotel Chocolat mailing list, enjoy perks that are too good to be true.
9514	When you produce academic writing you need to make complex meaning clear for your reader.
9515	When you provide us with information regarding another individual, such as when you request that we send someone information from one of our websites, we will send that individual only the information you specifically requested that we send.
9516	When you’re campaigning for the status quo, it’s hard to muster the passion of.
9517	When you're not enjoying the glorious nearby beach or exploring the county town of Carmarthen, soak up the sun with a cold drink on The Cwtch's social decking area.
9518	Where are the best places to see Father Christmas in and around Birmingham?
9519	Whereas the Morse code—type ones, that you see in nearly every drum book you ever buy, have no relation to anything you ever see on an actual drum part.
9520	Where can I read accounts written by Challengers?
9521	Where insufficient dietary protein is fully digested, the body will resort to breaking down your muscles to supply the protein molecules necessary for survival.
9522	Where ne'er from France arrived more happy men.
9523	Where next for women offender services?
9524	Where “significant alterations” are made you get the right to cancel and get a refund, or to take an alternative package if one is available or an inferior one with a price adjustment.
9525	Where stiles no longer serve a useful agricultural purpose, they can be removed.
9526	Where the candidate is required to amend or resubmit work the Chair will also complete the ‘required changes and feedback’ form which should indicate the examiners’ detailed requirements.
9527	Where the placement is being provided with adoption support, this should be summarised and should include the plan and timescales for continuing the support beyond the making of the adoption order.
9528	"Where there is, as here, an assault in the manner that I have described, not a conventional assault, where you have caused injuries to a very young baby, society demands that you will be punished for that.
9529	Where there is discrimination or unfair practices, we should work at that.
9530	Where the right to work of a licence holder expires before their SIA licence, a further check is undertaken with the UKBA.
9531	Where two relevant qualifications are awarded, the highest award is selected as the relevant qualification for DLHE.
9532	Where we can co-ordinate our efforts we should and there is more collaboration to be done across our emergency services.
9533	Where you have committed to giving us a regular donation (usually monthly).
9534	Whether it’s a major sporting event or a new product launch, you can be there with us by following our Instagram account.
9535	Whether reading up from home or at the library, studying can be intense; there’s a lot of information to learn and you don’t want to skip what could potentially be in your exam.
9536	Whether the client is organising an elegant cocktail and canap?
9537	Whether you aim for a career in Civil Service, for an international organisation, journalism, or perhaps staying with the Department for further study in Political Research, it’s our aim to ensure you’re as well equipped as possible.
9538	Whether you are a first time saver or have a portfolio of investments, we can advise on your investment strategy and help you manage your spread of investments in the most cost and tax efficient way.
9539	Whether you are a fitness fanatic or just looking to burn a few calories, New Tredegar Leisure Centre Fitness Suite has everything you need to reach your fitness goals.
9540	Whether you are a group of friends, local business, community group or an interested individual you can all do your bit.
9541	Whether you are a member, take actions, join an Amnesty group, donate or volunteer – you power human rights change around the world.
9542	Whether you are a single traveller or a family with small children we do all the work so you have less hassle.
9543	Whether you are a wide eyed first timer, or seasoned veteran, the experience is breathtaking!
9544	Whether you are developing a software to design new medicines, building an exciting medical device, or discovering a life-saving drug – apply to our programmes.
9545	Whether you book way beforehand or on the day of travel itself, with First Hull Trains you just pay for your fares and that’s that.
9546	Whether you feel like playing it safe or going all-in for some serious satisfaction, Colt's butt plug kit has the toy to match your mood.
9547	Whether you need Personal Training, team/group training or corporate weight management courses, awpt is ready to support you and help you achieve success.
9548	Whether you're an entrepreneur, a start-up or an established SME business the Northern Powerhouse Investment Fund (NPIF) has a range of finance options for you.
9549	Whether you’re an experienced trail rider looking for an upgrade, or a fresh-faced roadie looking to swap the tarmac for the dirt this autumn, there’s something for you.
9550	Whether you're looking for stone effect floor tiles for your kitchen, or a stunning polished porcelain tile for your bathroom, you're sure to find something perfect for your home.
9551	Whether your preference is for traditional or themed, formal or casual, we cater for every need and every taste.
9552	Whether you seek a last minute city break, beach holiday or long-haul adventure, we’ll help make sure you get away for the best deal.
9553	Whether you see yourself as a budding Marine Engineer, or are interested in how diesel engines work, our Maritime Coastguard Agency (MCA) 30 hour Approved Engine Course (AEC) will set you up for an exciting career within the maritime sector.
9554	Whether you’ve just entered into the world of road cycling, you’re a casual sportive rider or an amateur racer; the SS26 has a combination of features that make this your ideal bike.
9555	Whether you work full time, part time or are not in employment, we want to hear from you.
9556	Whichever one you choose, you’re sure to leave feeling rejuvenated, revived and ready to face the world again.
9557	Which is a nice skill to have.
9558	Which means we have another edition of our weekly Blog Round Up, covering the latest news, trends and tips in the Digital Marketing world.
9559	Which players made an impression when they played against Witton Albion in the Northern Premier League's Premier Division over the course of last season?
9560	Which Tax Office deals with my Income Tax affairs?
9561	Which trades to Venice.
9562	While at Hertford my political theory studies have focused on the role that corporations ought to play in promoting social justice.
9563	While athletics training has been less intense for me, I have appreciated the help and coaching I received from more experienced members of the club.
9564	While doing so, he discovers that he’s destined for something much bigger…
9565	While England held on to win 3-2, it was an extremely proud night for Venables and Morris to represent their country.
9566	While enjoying the breathtaking panoramas of some of the most legendary roads and climbs in international cycling, guests will discover Italy’s rich culture and renowned food and wine.
9567	While he had been brought up as a Jew and had not converted to Christianity, he did have his children baptised as Christians.
9568	While it is located above shops and restaurants, it is remarkably quiet even at busy times.
9569	While it was undoubtedly a fantastic innovation that could improve safety, Michelin’s developers had not done their ecosystem homework.
9570	While “LA and New York are great,” it was Nashville’s reputation as a “songwriting mecca” that appealed most to the artist.
9571	While many scholars are reluctant to touch “sensitive” topics in China, my artistic and academic explorations have shown me how gender is constructed through culture in a highly political process.
9572	While most applications are processed under powers delegated to Planning Officers, some applications require referral to Planning Committee for a decision.
9573	While studying law and playing polo for the university he saw an opportunity to import Indian-made polo sticks.
9574	While the Commission acknowledged the complainant's concern about the omission of a tweet in which he had referred to being ashamed, the issue for it to consider was whether the absence of a reference to the tweet rendered the article misleading.
9575	While there are variations between modules, most consist of a lecture delivered to the entire class supported by tutorials delivered to smaller groups.
9576	While these clauses pose no issues for the majority of claims, the nature of construction risk means that scenarios often arise that make it difficult to establish the extent of coverage.
9577	“While we welcome the announcement that companies will benefit from more efficient digital systems, the government must not compromise on the quality or delivery of these services to save money.”
9578	While working in marine and coastal tourism I gained commercial seagoing experience.
9579	Whilst always recruiting the best people for our roles, regardless of gender, we continually review how to address our gender pay gap.
9580	Whilst enjoying a quiet location, the property is within approx.
9581	Whilst I didn't really know what to expect, I was delighted - the kitchen, for instance, was humongous!
9582	Whilst permitted development rights for the installation of solar PV on non-domestic buildings have existed since 2012 for projects of up to 50kW, installations above this size still require a full planning application.
9583	Whilst tooth brushing will clean the so-called smooth surfaces of your teeth, only flossing typically will clean between the teeth - although recently the use of TePe brushes, the little bottle brushes, does very much the same thing.
9584	Whilst we knew during pregnancy that Elsie was measuring small, we were reassured by professionals that she was a ‘structurally small but normal baby’.
9585	Whilst you're looking at boat trips, make sure to book a tour of the Emerald Grotto, an incredible cave filled with eerie green light from an underground opening.
9586	Whiskered bat were present in a further 2 (0.2%) surveys.
9587	Whiteknights Lake is a 70,000m3 capacity reservoir, positioned in University of Reading grounds.
9588	Who Can be Tested for the Zika Virus?
9589	Whoever wins the election needs to recognise the importance of the housing market in the road to economic recovery.
9590	Who notifies the Council that a death has occurred?
9591	Who remembers the "agreement" struck between the Government and the mobile operators in 2014?
9592	Who will look after their interests and ensure they are kept warm and safe?
9593	Why Choose Us as Your Claims Service after as a Passenger in a Car Accident Claim?
9594	“Why did UK Labour select her when she has been featured and promoted on Hamas’s website; Hamas are a terrorist organisation – this should have rung some alarm bells with the Labour Party, unless of course they tacitly support this?”
9595	Why did you end your membership?
9596	Why does bus only come when it feels like it?
9597	Why does the GBBC app not record swarms or bee colonies?
9598	Why do I need to provide proof of my legality to work?
9599	Why don’t you contact us?
9600	Why do you think it is a scam?
9601	Why is it affecting so many young people?
9602	Why not bicycles also?
9603	Why not give us a call and arrange a free no obligation lawn analysis on 01823 672 021 or by email.
9604	Why not take advantage of a free initial discussion?
9605	Why not walk up the steps of Plas Newydd to discover what their epic treehouse has to offer.
9606	Why not your food business on the Westbury Park Business Directory – IT'S FREE!
9607	Why should you have to spend hours searching for the best deals and prices when you can make a supercomputer do it all for you?
9608	Why would you vote for Corbyn - even his own MPs condemned him!
9609	WICK ACADEMY will face a trip to north derby rivals Brora Rangers on the opening day of next season's Highland League.
9610	Wickham Market competed well in the first half of this 4th round tie of the league Cup but completely succumbed to a rampant Haughley side thereafter.
9611	"Wiki", an online, searchable, database of information relevant to criticality safety assessment and modelling.
9612	Wildlife was happy at the newly formed Malltraeth Marsh for a few years, however, the habitat became unsuitable for some species, such us bitterns, with the last pair leaving Malltraeth Marsh in the 1970’s (and leaving Anglesey as a whole in the 1980’s).
9613	Will 0% deals continue to climb and should we be worried?
9614	Will Aid's research shows that almost 60% of people with a Will may not have revised it for 3 years or more.
9615	Will be great to see you!
9616	Will be thinking of you tomorrow.
9617	William Bounde claims that John D. has not rendered reasonable account concerning the time when he was WB's receiver, namely from 11/11/1406 to 02/02/1407.
9618	William I included it in the package of lands granted it to his half-brother, Odo Bishop of Bayeux, when he was made Earl of Kent in 1067.
9619	Williams was effusive in his praise for Saturday’s visitors to the County Ground, and is particularly wary of Lee Gregory and Steve Morison – who have 30 goals between them this season – and Harris’ ability to maximise his side’s work output.
9620	William was dearly missed by his parents and family in Aberdeen and Australia.
9621	Will post back when I get to 10 days.
9622	Will SSL certificates work with mobile devices?
9623	Will they be truly fair in selecting the panel, or choose people who are likely to support the establishment?
9624	Wiltshire Online was set up to improve access to superfast broadband across the region, as well as encourage uptake.
9625	“Wiltshire Police is good in the efficiency with which it keeps people safe and reduces crime.
9626	Windows and interiors can soon look tired and dated and that means they won’t get noticed.
9627	Wink really took off and we found that it really resonated with people who had just gone through cancer treatment.
9628	Winning schools will be announced later this month and will receive more top prizes.
9629	Wireless Group has announced it is launching nine new permanent regional music radio stations broadcasting in Staffordshire and South Cheshire, West Yorkshire, South-West Wales and Scotland.
9630	With 30 sheets of high quality art paper and a durable wire top-binding, the Wimpy Kid Rowley and Greg Sketchbooks are the perfect place to start your own creative journey!
9631	With 450/540 measures, this dressing table stool is an ideal accessory for a living-room, entrance-hall or even for the bedroom.
9632	With 70 years of experience in the Basement Conversions industry, Basement Living provides Basement conversions to customers throughout the UK.
9633	With 80,000 homes repossessed in 1991, 48,000 companies failing and a job loss rate of at least 60,000 a month, claims that "recovery" was on the way sounded hollow.
9634	With access to all four circuits configurations; Grand Prix, International, National and Stowe, we’ll help you perfect your driving technique and ability to master almost any circuit.
9635	With access to the rear garden.
9636	With a front elevation window with fitted blind, neutral decor, carpeted flooring and central heating radiator.
9637	With a great sigh of relief, there it was in the music section, squeezed between a biography of Handel and a comprehensive tome on The Organ.
9638	With all the knee/hip problems I've had (non serious, I should add - just the old aches and pains really), building up gradually has always shown some kind of improvement.
9639	With a London Pass you will save money and time.
9640	With an auction ending every 60 seconds, there is constant activity on our online auction platform and buyers have access to a wide range of vehicles from across the UK.”
9641	With an emphasis on the music of Caribbean poetry as it is spoken, this collection ranges from the light-hearted and lyrical to the serious and thought- provoking.
9642	With an excellent reputation as a luxurious and fashionable resort, Porto Vecchio boasts a great selection of shops, restaurants and attractions – but it's easy to escape the crowds.
9643	With an expanding portfolio across the UK we have a wealth of experience working with major developers as well as a diverse portfolio.
9644	With an interest only mortgage an investment product such as an ISA is also taken out at the same time.
9645	With another astonishing tale to enthral, entertain and amaze….
9646	With a Range Rover Autobiography car hire you are sure to turn heads.
9647	With a rigid carbon fork and slim tires, it turns into an asphalt racer, with a suspension fork and lugged tires it becomes the ideal vehicle for riding across forest and farm roads.
9648	With a truly spectacular view overlooking the River Esk, it is obvious why the Whitby Sail Loft is so popular with guests.
9649	With a unique interactive website, the business also has trained staff who offer advice to help landlords to avoid the pitfalls in letting their properties.
9650	With a varied heritage including heavy industry and shoe making, Stafford continues to maintain a significant engineering presence among its employers.
9651	With avian influenza threats now back to near-normal levels across the UK, Simon Hall, the Animal & Plant Health Agency's Veterinary Director looks back at how APHA's response developed over time, and the improvements made to their processes.
9652	With bags stowed it was out in the sunshine for a short walk from the hotel to another fascinating architectural landmark, which was originally the home of Augustus Pugin renowned architect of the Houses of Parliament.
9653	With being able to visit you at home, as well as in our workshop we can guarantee you are with the highest quality team around the Beckton area.
9654	With both operations capable of taking place at speeds of up to 31mph, owners will be left with little excuse for not making the most of the sunshine.
9655	With Bratislava being the capital, Slovakia is breaking the trends of traditionalism and is rapidly moving up to the betterment of the economy.
9656	With catwalks popping up in shopping centres, special events held at high street retailers, and creative displays appearing across multiple small boutiques, it’s the perfect opportunity to find out what’s hot right now and grab some friendly style advice.
9657	With competitive events gaining traction and the paths maintained to perfection along with a host of specialist shops popping up in picturesque towns, it is time to start your cycling adventure in Yorkshire.
9658	With emergency care at breaking point, there’s a great chance for the government to speed up the prevention agenda and turn to the voluntary sector to support older people with low level care needs.
9659	With four local offices, the business also has highly trained staff allowing clients to get the best possible price for their home.
9660	With funding under increasing pressure, there is an opportunity for the government to turn to the voluntary sector to support older people with low level care needs.
9661	With governments around the world racing to reduce air pollution, petrol and diesel cars are to be phased out.
9662	With her extensive knowledge of the conveyancing process and customer service expertise, she joined Parkers to utilise these abilities as Parkerâ€™s Sales Progressor and looks after transactions across Reading, Woodley and Earley.
9663	With high levels of specification, selected models feature Bluetooth®, rear parking sensors and satellite navigation.
9664	With huge efforts by volunteers, it had been feared it would be too difficult to reschedule.
9665	Within law firms, partners may be highly adept at securing legal contracts and delivering a high quality service to clients, but lack the required business management skills.
9666	Within our portfolios which have infrastructure exposure, we tap directly into this emerging market thirst for infrastructure spending via a fund that specifically targets emerging markets.
9667	Within the last few days the European Commission published the final version of its text for the replacement for the ePrivacy Directive (which will become a regulation) and there are still no proposed changes.
9668	Within The Mill itself, paintings are hung showing the allure of algae.
9669	Within your business your customer data is the most important information asset.
9670	With it, a flower-pot shaped, warm, clearly just made brioche bun with a baby quenelle of bacon butter; fabulous.
9671	With its dual spirals, its god-threatening height and its barred structure, this tower is indeed enormously akin to Tatlin’s, though there is absolutely no proof Tatlin was aware of either.
9672	With its ornamental curling lake and fountains, decorative dormer windows, belfry and musical clock, the topiary, and the huge hill of dense firs forming a backdrop, Tormore might be a spa, offering a mountain water cure.
9673	With its quaint little cottages, medieval streets and waterside setting, this picture-perfect village looks like something from a story book.
9674	With it's skills in Garden Design, Ground Designs Garden Design has the ability to create unique and imaginative garden schemes.
9675	With many electricians listed in Bexhill (Bexhill-on-Sea), it’s hard to know what to look for when choosing a reliable tradesman.
9676	With no reduction in range, the Kangoo Z.E. 33 delivers a real-world usable range of 124 miles.
9677	With No Rinse It is the towel drying that does the actual cleaning.
9678	With only one in five companies currently exporting, the FDEA looks forward to working withmore businesses to help them start their export journey.”
9679	Without nominating an Attorney to make decisions on health and welfare and financial matters, the Court of Protection would have to become involved should the individual no longer be able to make decisions themselves.
9680	“Without OneFile, we would have been overwhelmed with increased paperwork and storage needs, so using a digital system will open up the opportunity for us to increase our apprenticeship delivery in the near future.”
9681	Without stronger measures to control unarranged overdraft charges, they could remain at crippling high rates affecting some of the most vulnerable consumers.
9682	"Without the CAST.
9683	Without the need to get all 10 of those pellets consistently through a chrono’ far downrange, this was now a practical possibility.
9684	Without these two permissions, all my squirrel hunting, and a huge load of my pigeon shooting would be gone.
9685	Without this partnership, the food would have been sent to landfill where it would have produced the equivalent of 40,470kg of CO2.
9686	With over 1400 flare metering systems in operation worldwide, Fluenta is a world leader in ultrasonic flare gas metering.
9687	With over 15 years' experience in a training environment, Jackie has an extensive, knowledge of the main awarding bodies' registration and certification processes and provides, assistance for both the training team and external customers.
9688	With power, water and fluorescent lighting.
9689	With regard to reading messages, Apple’s HomePod did a reasonably good job.
9690	With Schneider EcoStruxure™ IT, Telefónica's Alcalá data centre processes a staggering 14 kW per rack while ensuring reliable services.
9691	With sealed unit double glazed sash window to the rear elevation, point for wall mounted heater, coving to textured ceiling.
9692	With some extra work in certain areas, it is well placed to enter the programme at the next available opportunity.
9693	With some of the best riders around on their team it easy to see why this brand is sought after.
9694	With so much to do, South Africa is perfect for an exciting winter sun break.
9695	With spring essentials, summer must haves and all new season accessories to pick up - this sale will be a hit.
9696	With that in mind we have an outdoor Bootcamp launching on the 2nd May to take advantage of the late sunshine.
9697	With the £900 donation, Glantawe Theatre Company bought radio microphones, cables, lights and other electrical equipment.
9698	With the ability to trade on falling markets, use leverage and access thousands of instruments, some trading 24 hours a day, investors are taking advantage of the versatility of CFDs as part of their portfolio.
9699	With the calendar year drawing to a close, another seasonal event is looming for many accountants – the craziness that is the run up to January’s Tax Self-Assessment Deadline.
9700	With the choice of an UltraRoof as well as LivinRoof, you can fully customise your conservatory.
9701	With the citizen being so efficient and with lights out working we are looking for turned parts customers.
9702	With the general and local elections on Thursday 7 May, I would urge residents to exercise their right to vote.
9703	With the help of campaigns such as Men's Health Week 2017, men all over the world are becoming more about their health, and this is a very encouraging move in the right direction!
9704	With the help of former champion Irv Blitzer can these four underdogs make it to the Winter Olympics and show the world what they can do.
9705	With the increase in the pseudo NMW at least the cleaners will be paid as much as many Civil Servants so at least therer is an upside for some.
9706	With their tails up, Dunlop used their extra size to batter the defence and Upton just could not keep them out as they scored three unanswered converted tries.
9707	With the main event now less than 50 days away, the county is slowly turning yellow in celebration of the world biggest cycling event taking centre stage through Yorkshire.
9708	With the plus sign in favour of home team, iNDEX can be interpreted as real madrid barcelona betting tips twice the amount of predicted goal diference between home and away goal scores.
9709	With the relaunch of the single market project and the Maastricht Treaty, neoliberalism became firmly embedded into the structure of the European project.
9710	With the right specialist skills you could do scientific research or underwater archaeology.
9711	With the tempermental British weather, it's a good idea to create immersive nature themed indoor areas where littles ones can bring outdoor findings for a closer look.
9712	With the traffic flow.
9713	With this Enron’s influence undermines the organizations conveyed Enron Program code of Ethics i.e. respect, respectability, correspondence and greatness (Eichenwald, 2005).
9714	With three young children to keep up with, Luke says taking part in the Biggest Loser has boosted his energy levels and transformed his lifestyle.
9715	With too many members, the meetings might be too long and there might not be enough time for people to get an equal opportunity to share and get value.
9716	With top of the range equipment, the company creates bespoke photography that will enhance a companies or individuals image and create a perfect picture of them to the world.
9717	With unerring precision, Hensher focuses on the small moments when lives alter, his characters enacting their quiet tragedies in rooms and streets which have the crystal clarity of dreamscapes and where banality can assume almost operatic proportions.
9718	With unmatched environmental credentials the Class 68 locomotive is already delivering industry leading levels of performance, reliability and fuel efficiency.
9719	With vast experience in helping customers find the right solution for their pest problem David has helped Clark Pest Control grow into a dedicated team of bird control and pest experts that are ready to help you today throughout the UK.
9720	With weather forecasts predicting that temperatures could soar over the next few days, we have issued our regular appeal to owners to keep their dogs safe in the sun.
9721	Women and men from Scotland have played a key part in speaking up for women’s health needs, for birth control and abortion services.
9722	Women make up 56% of our upper middle quartile of pay, and 42% of our upper quartile.
9723	Women recalled to custody now account for 8% of the total women’s prison population.
9724	Wonderful material and fits perfectly.
9725	Wondering how to liven up your boozy after dinner speech when the river of puns runs dry?
9726	Wondering why so many local people come to us when they need door installation in West Brompton?
9727	Woodwork glues and adhesives range from basic glues to waterproof and high strength adhesives.
9728	Woodworm was found to be affecting various ground floor timbers requiring treatment using our specialist fungicidal spray.
9729	Workers’ Educational Association (WEA), a unique charity and the UK’s largest voluntary sector provider of adult education.
9730	Workers have been attempting to restore power at Bristol Haematology and Oncology Centre where the fire broke out last night.
9731	Workers have the right to be accompanied at disciplinary and grievance hearings and appeals, even if their employer does not recognise their Union.
9732	Work experience is an excellent way to get a foot in the door.
9733	Working alongside the whole sales team she guides both vendors and buyers through the sales process.
9734	Working closely with you, our design and sales team to understand exactly what your key aims are, we measure ourselves on our quick response, flexibility and ability.
9735	Working for yourself typically means that it might be harder to get a mortgage, as a lender may question your ability to receive regular income in order to make your monthly mortgage repayments.
9736	Working from our HR Shared Centre in Northampton our ER Team provide an effective, efficient, responsive and impartial advice service to colleagues and managers in all aspects of the employee lifecycle right across the Group.
9737	Working in the Digital Media department at the Royal Opera House was an incredible experience and has opened my eyes to the wealth of arts jobs available.
9738	Working together as a team, and knowing your individual strengths, is everything - just like being an air cadet.
9739	Working with local landowners, farm tenants, the mineral industry and local communities, the project partners are seeking to create a sustainably managed landscape in which wildlife and people will thrive.
9740	Working with you, we look for new opportunities, create and test new ideas, explore alternative applications of our existing ideas and deliver economic growth through innovation.
9741	Workshops can be booked by going on to the following web page, bbc.
9742	WORK starts this week to create a new purpose built office at Henley Road Cemetery.
9743	Work to develop characteristics buyers will really want.
9744	Work will also take place to help reduce instances of contaminated recycling created through people not putting the right items in their burgundy bin.
9745	World Backup Day aims to encourage computer users to regularly back up their precious photos and data.
9746	World renowned archaeologist Mike Parker-Pearson has spent the last seven years on a quest to answer these and many other questions.
9747	Worse - it was actually in power when the genocidal slaughter took place in Sri Lanka in 2009.
9748	Would it help to be able to find this information again easily?
9749	Would Sonos support Apple Music, and vice versa?
9750	Would the Authority accept Home Office SC clearance?
9751	Would this shower head and rail be suitable as a replacement?
9752	Would you like to find out more about hosting a destitute asylum seeker or refugee?
9753	Would you like us to contact you in response to your feedback?
9754	Wow, I am reading your profile with my mouth open wide.
9755	Wow nicola, the nice lady's site is exciting to browse through.
9756	Wrapping paper can be saved and reused and cords can be used as tags the following year.
9757	Wrexham, as an industrial town, still bears the scars of its industrial past, and not only the memories of events such as the Gresford disaster, but physical scars such as slag heaps, quarries and spoiled land.
9758	Wright says: “We’re getting sales, we’ve got machines out in the marketplace, we’re starting to develop some new applications for the technology in the form of steam recompression, using the machines to drive air compressors instead of generators.
9759	Write to the Forestry Authority, 231 Corstorphine Road, Edinburgh EH12 7AT.
9760	Written by Stuart Fortey, Directed by David Robertson it's fast paced entertainment at its best and will have you howling with laughter.
9761	Wyke made some changes of their own, bringing Tracey Moore on as GS to combat the tough Gungho defenders but Gungho were able to maintain their lead.
9762	X-AIR brings the latest innovation from allowing video entry calls to be answered directly from a tablet or smartphone.
9763	Year 7 students from East Thurrock Ju-Jitsu Club were selected for the UK squad to compete at the European Random Attack Championships in Tilburg.
9764	Yes as of friday the children should be at there mums for a week as its half term.
9765	Yes, even the USA is impressed.
9766	Yes, i do see your point and look forward to your post about the seeming randomness of VAT in the supermarket.
9767	Yes, in Ghana customised coffins are a familiar sight.
9768	Yesterday I went to The Sanctuary in Covent Garden and exposed it to all sorts of otherwise risky activities – steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and even the swimming pool.
9769	Yes, there is a third way of accessing cookie fields!
9770	Yes, you can make as many withdrawals as you like in line with the Business Money Manager Additional Conditions.
9771	Yet a way to end the contract without any penalty looks to have been found.
9772	Yet explore a little further, and in its dark centre you will uncover the stark and shocking reality that today, in modern Britain, there are more than 13,000 people living in slavery.
9773	Yet in the past, radicals used media outlets to communicate their own ideas and demands.
9774	Yet, it was always something that we kept putting off as we didn’t know where to start.
9775	Yet many cities are highly vulnerable to the impacts of climate-related perils.
9776	Yet there he was, in full acrobatic mode, taking a worldie from our pro Kaustub Pawar’s bowling.
9777	YHA Blaxhall puts you and your binoculars right in the middle of it all.
9778	York continued to be patient and were rewarded with an unconverted try in the corner.
9779	“York will be coming full of beans after what they’ve been doing for the last few weeks - a great performance against Catalans in the Challenge Cup and a record win last week.
9780	You agree and acknowledge that we have no control and will accept no responsibility or liability over the content or availability of these third party websites.
9781	You agree that you will not post, submit for print services, or otherwise provide to the Services, any Prohibited Content.
9782	You also need to be extremely computer literate, and happy working with numbers.
9783	You are able to nominate one first choice cadet and up to two reserves – but please note, we MUST receive a signed consent form for each one.
9784	• You are an ex-service tenant whom the Council has a contractual obligation to re-house.
9785	You are at liberty to choose your own place and space and to change it as much you need, making the world your own campus.
9786	You are entitled to know what Personal Information we hold about you and how that information is processed.
9787	You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and, if we do, to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate.
9788	You are still eligible to enter and win the raffle prize.
9789	You are very much on your own with this.
9790	You can access the free childcare in the borough where you live or another borough.
9791	You can also add additional cover like Extended Accidental Damage, Personal Possessions in and away from the home, and Family Legal Protection.
9792	You can also add information on Michelin restaurants, tourist attractions or hotels in Dundee or Glasgow.
9793	You can also assign any dynamic control in the Brush Settings Panel to the Dial, including size, roundness, angle, scatter, texture depth, foreground and background colour, flow, wetness and mix, a seen in the video below.
9794	You can also attach images to your reply.
9795	You can also book a rental car in conjunction with your flight, making onward travel much easier when you reach India, as well as travel insurance to deal with any mishaps along the way.
9796	You can also create a blog to help with SEO and to give your site a friendlier face.
9797	You can also discover a vast selection of rose, sparkling, dessert and fortified wines, with the chance to browse by grape type and country until you find the perfect match.
9798	You can also drive away the same day with the seven-day drive away insurance.
9799	You can also get help from the council if you are likely to become homeless within two months, for example, if your landlord gets a court order to evict you and you have to leave within two months.
9800	You can also have fully geographically loadbalanced or failover systems between Europe and the US.
9801	You can also read the RLA's full 'Guide to legislation and guidance on fire safety in privately rented accommodation'
9802	You can also remind people about upcoming holidays like Mother’s Day, or even send them a “happy birthday” email with a special discount code.
9803	You can also use it for staff who begin work on a probationary period or to align automatic enrolment with your other business processes, such as monthly payroll or tax returns.
9804	You can also use it to find errors on your website and choose to exclude pages you don't want showing up in search results.
9805	You can apply for a using the same application form as for a new resident parking permit.
9806	You can ask for your identity to be kept confidential, but there may be limits on this.
9807	You can book appointments for pest control and bulky waste collections, to register a birth or death, for a building control inspection, for a sports pitch, and more.
9808	You can buy anything up to £30 by touching your card on a reader, anywhere you see the contactless symbol.
9809	You can buy Contract Mobile Phones of Nokia, Samsung, BlackBerry and Sony Ericsson on pay monthly contract mobile phone deals.
9810	You can carry on living there as normal.
9811	You can choose between front up to maximise space (ideal for art and drawing), left up (for right handed users) and right up (for left handed users).
9812	You can choose not to have Instagram preload videos over your mobile connection, reducing data usage on videos you don’t want to watch.
9813	You can choose to receive your booking confirmation number via SMS text message as well as by email.
9814	You can claim an alternative Council Tax Reduction if there are other people living in your home who are on a low income.
9815	You can click on the image to view it in full-screen.
9816	You can contact Second Voice by yourself, through a parent or a teacher in school.
9817	You can determine which permission will be set for downloading for each item.
9818	You can do this by following unsubscribe instructions contained in the communication, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
9819	You can do this in a variety of ways, from using images of your products to including any sort of material types or dimensions.
9820	You can download previous reports below.
9821	You can either fill it up by removing the lid or by the large spout.
9822	You can either specify a particular SIM for each of these tasks, or leave the setting at Always ask.
9823	You can even combine both options; it is entirely up to you.
9824	You can even have an outdoor wedding ceremony with the venue as your backdrop.
9825	You can even specify 'textured paint' which gives the hatch a matte-like finish.
9826	You can expect any company you have pension savings with to issue ‘retirement risk warnings’ when you decide on withdrawing money from a pension.
9827	You can find all details about how to consume our APIs on our developer site, which will be available soon.
9828	You can gain practical soft skills such as networking, communication, time management and negotiation, as well as more technical ones like sales, accounting and project management.
9829	You can gain some exposure, but your content can also get easily lost in the feed, especially when you’re using popular hashtags.
9830	You can gain this from these support pages or through training.
9831	You can get these online or at DIY and garden centres.
9832	You can get the superb varieties of rugs for daily use at our site. are you searching for the cheapest rugs?
9833	You can give as many gifts of up to £250 to as many people as you want.
9834	You can hand out comment cards, ask for comments online, or just gather them in person.
9835	You can have fun with this and you don't have to be a big spender, rather set aside a sensible number in your head and see what's on the market for it and where you feel you're getting the most value for money.
9836	You can make their dreams come true for a whole day or longer!
9837	You can map any domain name you own to your site using the domain mapping page within Website Builder.
9838	You cannot use the property for any illegal activity such as dealing in drugs, running a brothel, dealing in stolen goods or illegal gambling.
9839	You can pick this up to continue your walking in the area.
9840	You can put the blame on to a lot of things, such as apathy by the media.
9841	You can read more about how data you supply to edoc is controlled and protected in Who can use edoc and how?
9842	You can run hard, and with confidence, because the T-Shirt's moisture transport system will wick sweat away from your body for quick evaporation; leaving you comfortable and dry.
9843	You can see the difference between Direct Debit and Cash or Cheque rates by updating your personalised quote.
9844	You can select any period from one day to one year.
9845	You can sell your home whenever you like.
9846	You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the following link http://www.bbc.co.uk/webwise/guides/about-cookies tells you more information and how to remove cookies from your browser.
9847	“You can still reverse Brexit,” he told May on Tuesday.
9848	You can stop and admire the views from a number of seats dotted along the ridge top path.
9849	You can't drive a van, minibus or vehicle with a long trailer onto the site.
9850	You can then print this as proof of study for your Local Council or landlord.
9851	You can then remove and replace the bulb.
9852	You can upload individual files into the ORA-data depository, but it may be simpler to create a Zip file holding everything, including a README text file which identifies the contents, and then there's just one file to upload.
9853	You can use your pay to buy a wide range of benefits including buying and selling holiday.
9854	You clearly have issues of confidence and I think you should address those first.
9855	You come over as a very modest and humble person.
9856	You could be a neighbour, friend, parent, relative, child-minder, teacher, doctor or working for ​any organisation which has contact with children and young people.
9857	You could pick up the and enjoy a climb to the nearby for great views over the area.
9858	You could use a builder or surveyor to provide a rebuild estimate but an easier option is to use an online tool to work out the cost.
9859	You do not have to pay interest and if you meet the terms and conditions of the grant you will not have to return the money.
9860	You do not need to send in your certificate(s) for amendment in these circumstances.
9861	You don’t have to be a ‘maths geek’ to enjoy this, you just have to be a ‘story geek’ and I believe that we are all one of those.
9862	You examine the marketing communications mix, including tools such as advertising, sales promotion, direct marketing, public relations and sponsorship.
9863	You further agree to the use of any information that we may gather relating to you as a result of your use of the Site, in accordance with and as further described in our Data Protection and Privacy Policy.
9864	‘You get the beat of a writer’s heart all the way through the book.’
9865	You get what you pay forThis site uses cookies.
9866	You give personal information to businesses all the time when setting up online accounts, downloading online apps or using social media accounts.
9867	You have been well supported by friends.
9868	You have, from the outset, made what is a very stressful time for a family, a lot more bearable and I can't commend you highly enough on the professional and friendly manner in which you have conducted yourselves.
9869	You have the right to request that the University rectify any inaccurate or incomplete information we hold about you.
9870	You have to convert the to-do list into reasonable and realistic day by day goals and then you have to make a good job of sticking to what you have said you will do.”
9871	You just know things won't go quite to plan.
9872	You know when you come across an amazing tune and you want to share it with your mates?
9873	You'll also need to get a TV licence - and find out when bin day is.
9874	You'll also pride yourself on your strong investigative and problem-solving skills.
9875	You’ll also receive £1500 a year while you study along with the chance to experience Naval life before you start training.
9876	You’ll be able to choose from a wide range of classes across our four faculties to pursue your own interests and develop skills in specific areas.
9877	You’ll benefit from taking part in our annual field trip, which will build upon an intensive session of workshops, site visits and engagement in the field.
9878	You’ll find a two-pack of dried squid, jerked beef from the US and, in the fresh food department, black free-range chicken, along with rows of fresh fish.
9879	You'll find water sports like windsurfing and kitesurfing on the beach just on the outskirts of Calis.
9880	You'll get £3.10 a week if you're more than 10 weeks pregnant, £6.20 a week if your baby is under one year old, and £3.10 a week for each child aged over one and under four.
9881	You'll receive a letter at least 30 days before your account matures, giving details of what will happen.
9882	You’ll still need to zoom in and out on models to sculpt anything larger than the reach of your arms, notes Seyi – aware that the tool has to be as “capable for dinosaurs as for cars” if they want the broader creative market to embrace it.
9883	You’ll use the abdominal and back muscles, and upper body, in a slight squat position that engages your leg muscles.
9884	You may already be dealing with a case where your customer has ticked a box online - rather than signed a paper form - to say they want us to look into their complaint.
9885	You may also pay a visit to a local vineyard for a tasting before returning to your ship.
9886	You may be asked to provide a printed copy or asked to email it to a police email address.
9887	You may be worried that your case will take a long time to complete and that you’ll struggle to keep up with the costs of your injury and the effects it’s having on your life in the meantime.
9888	You may have noticed some ongoing improvement works at Lea Manor Recreation Centre.
9889	You may have the luxury of working to a house style.
9890	You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us.
9891	You may need to work longer hours to meet deadlines.
9892	You may not be able to opt out if you’ve been enrolled as a different type of worker by your employer.
9893	You may panic in these situations and deliberately avoid them.
9894	You may protect the backup file with a password by setting it in this window.
9895	You may want a more restrained solid hue that matches your shirt to blend in. Or you may want a sharp contrasting colour or pattern to add some flair that stands out but remains tasteful and appropriate for the office or a formal evening event.
9896	You may wish to employ a planning consultant and try to obtain planning permission yourself but if this sounds too cumbersome and costly, an option agreement or conditional contract with a developer is also a possibility.
9897	You might be able to apply for a charitable grant to help you get somewhere to live.
9898	You might be prescribed them after a transient ischaemic attack (TIA) or a stroke caused by a blockage (an ischaemic stroke, or clot).
9899	You must be able to demonstrate astute commercial awareness and truly understand profit drivers by making sound financial decisions.
9900	You must be living alone, unless those who are staying with you are also receiving a qualifying disability benefit or are registered blind.
9901	You must not start any work on of the development until we have approved what you have sent us.
9902	You need not be corsetted by convention or conscious of fashion.
9903	• You need to be capable of managing your own time whilst handling a busy role incorporating sales, service & delivery.
9904	Young people tell us that they want to be able to access clear and good quality information so that they can take ownership of their future.
9905	Young was frustrated by the nature of Saturday’s defeat at Friars Street.
9906	You only require two things in life: your sanity and your wife.
9907	You perhaps know of the water trough erected by the Coventry Chain Company on Hearsall Common as a memorial to the 47 employees who died in Great War.
9908	Your baby will feel nothing but love when they're wrapped in Pampers Premium Protection New Baby Nappies, our best comfort and protection.
9909	Your bridesmaids will love their selection of flattering halterneck styles if they’re inspired by these fashionable eras.
9910	Your child will get out of the classroom and get work experience with a real employer in areas such as business skills, civil engineering and scientific technologies.
9911	Your commercial credit score could be one way in which lenders and.
9912	Your degree may be taught differently to what you're used to, so be prepared to adjust your approach to your studies.
9913	Your deposit contribution will be £749.00, the Retailer will contribute £2,373.10 and BMW Financial Services will contribute £0.00 making a total deposit contribution of £3,122.10 towards your car’s on the road cost of £65,545.
9914	You’re about to read press releases, which we’ve written for media use only.
9915	Your employer is only required to make exceptions to this where it was not reasonably practicable for the notice to have been given any earlier.
9916	Your employer should take measures to reduce the risk of farmer’s lung.
9917	Your estate - Berneslai HomesWe are doing lots to improve your homes and estates, find out more.
9918	Your final year will focus on advanced economics, mathematics and preparing you for your career.
9919	Your furry friend can hop into style by wearing Peter Rabbit's signature jean jacket.
9920	Your gift of first aid supplies could help 16 children arriving on India’s train platforms in desperate need.
9921	Your GP may suggest different types of assessment and support options available to you, such as from local community alcohol services.
9922	Your local accountant will be able to help you work this out.
9923	Your local council's website will contain information about some planning matters.
9924	Your local TaxAssist accountant can help you prepare timely records and accounts, so you can make informed decisions about your business.
9925	Your lucky zodiac pairs are Monkey for health, Ox for love and Rooster for career- wear these animals along with yours.
9926	Your main responsibilities will be: Work in a growing development and support team providing technical and functional expertise to customers.
9927	Your money is drip fed into the market, so you don’t buy everything on the same day at the same price.
9928	Your monthly fee will range from £356.47 and normally includes your rent and service charge.
9929	Your monthly payment dates and instalment amounts are given on your bill.
9930	Your Mother's day plans sound nice, HM, you need to ignore any remarks by your daughter who has taken umbrage at you and just get on with it.
9931	Your Move Andrew Nicholson and Mid Cheshire Hospitals Charity are thrilled to announce a new charity partnership.
9932	Your one stop shop for your business and personal needs.
9933	Your package includes 2 days for 1 entry into the LEGOLAND Windsor Resort, an overnight stay in a hotel and a delicious breakfast.
9934	Your performance must meet or exceed the expectations of the following…
9935	Your sex life can alter as a result of physical changes caused by the treatment you have had.
9936	Your site has enabled me to see the old maps and photo's of Much Park Street as he would have known them.
9937	Your subscription will expire 12 months after your payment date.
9938	Your tracking reference is case sensitive and must be entered exactly as it appears.
9939	Your use of this website is subject to our Terms and Conditions which you are deemed to have read and accepted.
9940	Your water supply may be contaminated.
9941	“You said it was the worst date—no, worst night—of your life.
9942	You said on the way home after your test success that it was going to give you a completely different life…indeed it will.
9943	You seem to tick a lot of boxes with what you have stated so that's a bonus.
9944	You should allow 20 minutes for entry from 6 pm (you will not gain entry beforehand).
9945	You should also avoid using exfoliators 3 days before application, as any skin care product containing glycolic acid, retinol and alpha hydroxy acids, as they might inflame the skin, and taking medications like blood thinners.
9946	You should also be told if any special storage instructions or cooking instructions are required and be given an address within the European Community that you can contact if you have any complaints regarding the food.
9947	You should also consider covering your contents if you’ve provided things like furniture and fittings for your tenants.
9948	You should also enclose a copy of the final viewpoint letter and any additional correspondence to support your complaint.
9949	You should arrange to read meters at the property and notify the suppliers of services to the property of the change of ownership.
9950	You should consider the services each BCS offers and the associated costs.
9951	You should cut back hedges and overgrown shrubs before new growth comes through, making clearing away dead stems difficult.
9952	You shouldn’t expect many results in the first few months of advertising because this will be the time you spend getting to know your audience and how they react to your adverts.
9953	‘You shouldn’t lie till ten.
9954	You should put the mat down starting closest to the thermostat.
9955	You should send us the licence and relevant fee with a request for transfer and we will either endorse it or re-issue it.
9956	You should take care to avoid being overlooked when working in public areas and, if necessary, wait until you are in a more private location before undertaking sensitive work.
9957	You simply cannot buy ‘anything’ from ‘anyone’, at least not anymore.
9958	You then select a pathway in Year 3, choosing from a wide range of specialist option modules to tailor your programme to your interests and careers ambitions.
9959	YouTube channels can also be presented on other social networks: Facebook and Twitter, for example, are great places to make the world aware of your latest clips.
9960	YouTube is localised in 22 different countries and is in 24 different languages.
9961	You’ve probably gathered that by now.
9962	You want to excel, make the client love your ideas and stand out against your competition, right?
9963	You will almost not want to get out again.
9964	You will also have an opportunity to work collaboratively on shared projects in filming and photography to develop your research skills and team work.
9965	You will also learn study and presentation skills and engage in group learning processes using problem based learning, role plays, and group discussion.
9966	You will also need to consider what equipment is needed to perform each treatment – remember that you will be visiting clients’ houses, so this equipment needs to be portable.
9967	You will also still have access to all of the university's online and on-campus facilities while you are working, ensuring you're able to do any preparation you need to do ahead of your final year of study.
9968	You will be able to demonstrate a proven record of consistently high sales performance, preferably have a background in Motor Trade although this is not essential.
9969	You will be a suitably qualified mechanical or electrical engineer with extensive hands on experience, including fault finding and commissioning, obtained following the completion of a time served apprenticeship.
9970	You will be shown all transactions that have been located on your sage pay account along with the details, and date of the payment that have matched current customer records on your account.
9971	You will be taking details and passing them on to the relevant department or resolving these queries by troubleshooting or advising.
9972	You will be taught through lectures, seminars and small-group work.
9973	You will create, implement and manage digital campaigns through multiple channels and towards different target markets.
9974	You will enjoy a four-course Gallic dinner and some fine wine while immersing yourself in the magic of the city and the incredible views.
9975	You will experience diferent business scenarios that will enhance and advance your skills for business.
9976	You will focus on the whole design process on a brief directly related to the city of Coventry and the urban fabric.
9977	You will gain the business and intellectual skills to open up a wide spectrum of career opportunities.
9978	You will have a general anaesthetic, which means you will be asleep during the procedure.
9979	You will have overcome a major challenge and you will have done something big that will help 60,000 people be less alone, less afraid, and more in control in the face of a devastating brain tumour diagnosis.
9980	You will have the day to day responsibility.
9981	You will have wide experience of broadcast, print and social media – and importantly you’ll have experience of integrated campaigns across all media channels.
9982	You will help develop and deliver 2D and 3D designs & animations, applying your current skills but also embracing opportunities to learn new skills.
9983	You will need a UK first-class or 2:1 honours degree in one of the subjects below, or an equivalent overseas qualification.
9984	You will need the ability to be creative and solution focussed to ensure we are offering practical relevant advice and guidance to everyone with a housing need.
9985	You will need to be given access to the data collection system by the relevant record contact at your provider.
9986	You will need to ensure all content is being uploaded to this directory for it to be visible on the Internet.
9987	You will not receive unsolicited paper or electronic mail from us as a result of agreeing to receive updates unless we explicitly ask for and get your permission.
9988	You will receive a contract to sign and return and then hear no more.
9989	You will receive appropriate treatment and adjustments for your specific condition, while areas not suitable for treatment will be carefully avoided.
9990	You will then be presented with a fully finished, highly polished infographic ready to be shared on Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr.
9991	You won’t grow, you’ll still be doing 60-hour weeks, and you’ll continue to bear all the responsibility and stresses, even if you do enjoy all the profit.
9992	You would need to account for an increased level of wear and tear caused by children discovering their surroundings; scuffs and tears are almost inevitable in normal family life, so bear this in mind.
9993	You would then need to check that the registrar has availability on the same date and at a time which is suitable to the venue and yourselves.
9994	You yourself have to provide artwork of the design that you want to feature on your stand.
9995	Zak Skinner (David Hull), a visually impaired athlete, who has been in fine form in recent weeks, lowered his 100m personal best to 11.24 last weekend.
9996	Zip World is recruiting again.
9997	Zoe Hayward VN, introduces a new series on emergency and critical care with a look …
9998	Zoo owner Anthony Bush: “Our facility includes 20 acres of grazing land and a state-of-the-art elephant house with deep sand beds and hot showers.
9999	Zoopla is to become a partner with the Ideal Home Show this spring, which is expected to attract over 250,000 visitors.
10000	Zorn first swam in the 1980 Paralympic Games at the age of 16 and has since won an astounding 55 medals in total – 41 gold, 9 silver and 5 bronze.
